1	classic-hamburger	8
1.1	To prepare the buns, add flour, yeast, salt, and malt to a large mixing bowl. Stir to combine, then add some milk, water, sugar, soft butter, and half of the beaten egg. Combine with a rubber spatula. Then knead for approx. 6 min. with hands, until the dough springs back when you push it gently with your finger.
1.2	Cover dough with a wet kitchen towel and let rise at 35°C/95°F (upper and lower heat). Alternatively, let rise without towel in automated program “yeast dough” for 30 min.
1.3	Knead dough briefly, divide into portions, transfer to a parchment-lined baking sheet, cover with a damp towel, and let rise for another 10 min. in a warm place. Alternatively, let rise in oven at 35°C/95°F (upper and lower heat) or without towel in automated program “yeast dough."
1.4	Then, roll dough pieces into smooth balls, transfer back to parchment-lined baking sheet, and cover with a damp kitchen towel. Let rise for another approx. 30 min. in a warm place.
1.5	Combine remaining egg with remaining milk and carefully brush buns with mixture. Sprinkle with sesame and bake with convection function at 190°C / 375°F for approx. 10 – 15 min until golden brown.
1.6	For the patties, season ground beef with salt and pepper.
1.7	Form 6 equal-sized patties and cook in a frying pan greased with oil over medium-high heat for approx. 3 – 5 min., or until browned on each side and cooked through.
1.8	Rip lettuce into bite-sized pieces. Cut tomato into thin slices. Halve burger buns horizontally, spread ketchup and mustard on each half, then place patty, tomato and homemade fried onions on top. Cover with other half of bun. Enjoy!
2	rustikaler-burger	5
2.1	Wash and slice tomato and cucumber.
2.2	Add ground beef, Dijon mustard, and ketchup to a mixing bowl. Season with salt and pepper and mix together until combined. Divide in half and form two burger patties with your hands.
2.3	Heat oil in a pan for approx. 2 min. and fry burger patties on both sides over medium-high heat for approx. 4 min., or until cooked to desired doneness.
2.4	With the help of a cake ring, cut out two circles approx. the size of the burger patties from each slice of bread. They will be used as buns later. Heat oil in a frying pan over medium-high heat and toast bread on both sides for approx. 2 min., or until crisp.
2.5	Top rye bread slices with mayonnaise, burger patties, and slices of tomato and cucumber. Enjoy!
