R1	simple-potato-pancakes	4
I1.1	Peel onions and cut into fine cubes. Peel potatoes and grate using the large holes on a box grater. Transfer to a large bowl.
I1.2	Generously season potatoes with salt, pepper, and nutmeg. Then add in onions, eggs, and flour. Mix well until fully combined and sticky. Add extra flour if needed.
I1.3	Heat vegetable oil in a frying pan.
I1.4	Working in batches, drop little mounds of potato mixture into the frying pan. Press lightly to flatten. Fry until golden, approx. 2 – 3 min. on each side. Transfer to a paper towel-lined plate to absorb extra oil. Serve with smoked salmon and sour cream.
R2	sweet-potato-soup-with-chili-tomatoes	7
I2.1	Cut a portion of the shallots into fine cubes. Chop garlic. Peel sweet potatoes and cut into small cubes.
I2.2	In a large saucepan, sauté chopped shallots and garlic with some vegetable oil. Add in sweet potato and continue to sauté for approx. 2 – 3 min.
I2.3	Add in vegetable stock, bring to a boil and let simmer on low heat for approx. 15 min. until the sweet potatoes are soft.
I2.4	In the meantime, mince remaining shallots and garlic. Roughly chop cilantro. Halve tomatoes.
I2.5	In a frying pan, sauté shallots and garlic until translucent. Add tomatoes and sugar. Season to taste with salt, pepper and chili powder.
I2.6	Stir in cilantro. Then remove from heat.
I2.7	Blend soup. Season with lemon juice, salt and pepper. Serve in a soup plate with chili tomatoes and a drizzle of good quality olive oil.
R3	vegetable-sticks-in-a-tumbler	6
I3.1	Preheat the oven to 60°C/140°F. For the edible earth, mix pumpernickel with nutmeg, salt, and pepper in a food processor.
I3.2	Next, put the bread crumbs on a lined baking sheet and bake in a preheated oven at 60°C/140°F for approx. 30 min. until dried.
I3.3	Meanwhile, for the dip, quarter an avocado, remove the pit and the skin.
I3.4	Now, puree the avocado with lemon juice, salt, and pepper in the food processor. Cut the cilantro into fine strips and fold into the avocado mixture.
I3.5	Next, fill the tumblers with the avocado crème.
I3.6	Top with a layer of dried pumpernickel. To serve, cut the vegetables into strips as desired and stick into the tumblers.
R4	braised-large-shrimp	5
I4.1	Finely chop garlic. Cut ginger and spring onion into thin strips.
I4.2	Heat some vegetable oil in a frying pan over medium heat. Add shrimp and sauté for approx. 1 min. on each side until red.
I4.3	Add garlic, ginger, and spring onions to the pan. Deglaze with red wine. Season with salt and sugar. Then, add light and dark soy sauce.
I4.4	Add parts of the water. Bring to a simmer, cover, and allow to cook on low-medium heat for approx. 3 – 4 min.
I4.5	Dissolve starch in the remaining water. Mix well to avoid lumps and stir into the sauce. Return to a simmer and immediately remove from heat. Enjoy!
R5	fruit-salad-with-basil-tarragon-granita	7
I5.1	In a medium saucepan, bring water, sugar, and lemon zest and juice to a boil.
I5.2	Pick basil and tarragon leaves and place in a large bowl. Douse with boiling sugar water. Then allow to cool.
I5.3	Place sieve inside of a casserole dish. Pour basil-tarragon syrup through the sieve and remove wilted herbs. Transfer granita to freezer and allow to set for approx. 5 – 6  hours.
I5.4	Set berries aside. Halve grapes. Peel mango and cut into cubes.
I5.5	Transfer all fruit to a large bowl. Juice lemon and add to fruit salad, as well as sifted confectioner’s sugar. Mix well.
I5.6	Pick mint leaves and roughly chop. Add to fruit mixture and mix thoroughly.
I5.7	Fill serving glasses with fruit salad and top off with granita! Enjoy with your loved ones!
R6	deviled-eggs	3
I6.1	In a small saucepan, bring water to a boil. Boil eggs for ca. 8 – 10 min. then transfer to an ice bath. Peel eggs and halve lengthwise, then slice a small piece of white off of the bottom of each egg to create a flush surface. Remove egg yolks with a spoon. Set aside. Mince onion.
I6.2	In a small bowl, combine egg yolk, mayonnaise, lemon juice and mustard. Blend until smooth. Stir in onion. Salt and pepper to taste.
I6.3	Transfer egg mixture to a piping bag and pipe into the halved egg whites. Top each egg with trout caviar and garnish with garden cress. Enjoy!
R7	teriyaki-lamb-skewers-with-pea-mint-puree	7
I7.1	Defrost the peas. Remove the seeds from the chilli pepper and chop finely. Finely grate the ginger. Finely dice the garlic clove and shallot.
I7.2	Sauté the ginger, garlic, and shallot with brown sugar and then add the pineapple juice to deglaze. Reduce to medium heat for approx. 8 – 10 min. or until about a third of the liquid remains.
I7.3	Add lemon juice, soy sauce, olive oil, mirin, and chopped chili pepper to the marinade and continue to simmer for approx. 5 – 7 min. Then, remove from heat and puree with a hand blender. Leave to cool at room temperature.
I7.4	Preheat the oven to 180°C/ 355°F. Slice the lamb saddles lengthwise into strips.
I7.5	Marinade the lamb strips with the cooled mixture for approx. 5 - 10 min.
I7.6	Spear the lamb strips onto wooden skewers and cook in preheated oven at 180°C/ 355°F for approx. 10 – 12 min.
I7.7	Use a food processor to puree the defrosted peas with vegetable stock, mint, nutmeg, salt, and pepper. Sprinkle the lamb skewers with sesame seeds and place on the puree to serve.
R8	roasted-tomato-soup-with-cilantro-crema	6
I8.1	Preheat the oven to 200°C/400°F. Quarter shallots. Crush garlic. Remove the stems from the tomatoes and quarter them.
I8.2	Place the shallots, garlic, tomatoes, thyme, rosemary, and chili into a baking dish. Season with olive oil, sugar, salt, and pepper and mix well. Roast in a preheated oven at 200°C/400°F for approx. 20 – 25  min.
I8.3	Transfer the roasted vegetables to a small saucepan, sauté briefly, deglaze with white wine, and reduce for approx. 2 – 3 min.
I8.4	Add vegetable stock until the tomatoes are completely covered. Reduce for approx. 10 - 15 min. until the tomatoes and shallots are softened.
I8.5	Puree the soup with a hand blender and strain it into a large bowl to remove the tomato skins and seeds.
I8.6	For the cilantro crema, stir the lemon juice and freshly chopped cilantro into the sour cream. Season generously with salt and pepper. Add some cream to the hot tomato soup to serve.
R9	coconut-macaroons	7
I9.1	Preheat oven to 175⁰C/345⁰F. Combine egg whites with a pinch of salt. In a standing mixer or with a hand mixer, beat egg whites until stiff. As soon as the mass begins to foam, gradually add sugar. Beat until completely combined.
I9.2	Carefully fold in apple sauce and desiccated coconut into the egg whites.
I9.3	Stir egg white mixture in a heat-resistant bowl over a bain-marie for approx. 8 minutes until it has thickened slightly.
I9.4	Transfer warm mixture into a piping bag. Pipe small heaps onto a baking tray leaving enough space between them. Allow to cool for approx. 5 - 10 min. Then, transfer to oven and bake for approx. 6 min. at 175⁰C/345⁰F. Turn baking tray after 3 min. for an even browning. Set aside to cool.
I9.5	Roughly chop chocolate.
I9.6	In a small saucepan, bring heavy cream to a slight boil. Pour hot heavy cream over the chopped chocolate, add a pinch of salt and stir until the chocolate has fully melted.
I9.7	Dip macaroons into the melted chocolate. Allow to dry on a plate. Serve with a cup of hot chocolate or tea.
R10	red-currant-meringue-cake	3
I10.1	Preheat the oven to 180°C/350°F. To make the cake base, whisk together sugar, vanilla sugar, egg yolks, and soft butter. Add flour, baking powder, and milk, and mix to combine. Fill the batter into a greased and flour-dusted springform pan. Bake at 180°C/350°F for approx. 15 min. Set aside.
I10.2	To make the meringue, beat egg whites until foamy. Then add sugar and vanilla sugar and continue to beat until stiff peaks form. Gently fold the freshly plucked, washed, and destemmed red currants through half of the meringue. Now spread this mixture on top of the cake base, topped by the remaining meringue. Bake again at 180°C/350°F for approx. 15 min.
I10.3	Set cake aside to cool, then transfer to the fridge.
R11	swedish-christmas-caramels	5
I11.1	Chop ginger. Line two baking sheets with parchment paper and arrange candy wrappers over them.
I11.2	In a medium saucepan, slowly warm heavy cream until it just comes to a boil. Remove from heat and add chopped ginger; cover and let steep for 30 minutes. Strain cream to remove ginger.
I11.3	In a heavy-bottomed saucepan with high sides, combine heavy cream, honey, and sugar. Bring to a slow boil over medium-low heat, stirring occasionally. Allow to boil for approx. 30 – 40 min. or until the mixture reaches 120°C/250°F.
I11.4	Remove from heat and stir in butter and orange zest.
I11.5	Spoon caramel into wrappers, sprinkle with flaky salt, and set aside to cool completely. Transfer caramels to an airtight container and store in the refrigerator until ready to serve.
R12	raspberry-sheet-cake	8
I12.1	Preheat oven to 190°C/375°F. Separate eggs. Beat egg yolks in a small bowl with a fork. Place egg whites into the bowl of a stand mixer or a large mixing bowl and beat together with salt until stiff peaks form. Slowly add part of sugar and whisk for approx. 1 – 2 more min. Carefully fold egg yolks into egg whites using a whisk.
I12.2	Mix flour and starch together and sieve over egg mixture in 3 – 4 batches. Carefully fold into egg mixture. Transfer batter to a parchment-lined baking pan and bake at 190°C/375°F for approx. 11 – 13 min., or until golden brown.
I12.3	Spread a clean kitchen towel over work surface and sprinkle evenly with sugar. Remove sponge cake from baking pan, turn out onto kitchen towel and peel off parchment paper. Set aside to cool completely.
I12.4	Soak gelatin for approx. 5 – 8 min. in cold water. Heat up some of the cream in a small saucepan over medium-high heat. Add gelatin and let fully dissolve. Remove from heat and set aside. Add cream cheese, part of the sugar, and vanilla extract to a large bowl and whisk together.
I12.5	Add heavy cream to a grease-free bowl and whisk together with cream of tartar and some of the sugar until cream stiffens.
I12.6	Add a few spoonfuls of cream cheese mixture into gelatin mixture to adjust temperature. Add gelatin mixture to bowl of cream cheese and beat together until smooth. Gently add whipped cream a little bit at a time, to keep as much volume as possible.
I12.7	Place sponge cake in baking frame, if using. Add cream cheese mixture and smooth evenly. Place in the fridge to set for at least 6 hrs. or overnight.
I12.8	Place raspberries on cake. To prepare jelly, heat up remaining water with sugar and clear jelly powder in a small saucepan. Bring to a boil and simmer for approx. 3 – 4 min., or until it thickens. Then, carefully spoon over the raspberries on top of the cake. Let set for approx. 10 min. For a final touch, gently toast the almonds in a pan over medium heat for approx. 4 min., or until fragrant. Let cool completely. Before serving, remove cake from baking frame and decorate sides with almonds. Enjoy!
R13	fresh-lemon-cake-with-blueberries	6
I13.1	Preheat oven to 170°C/350°F. Zest lemon, reserving some zest for garnish. In a stand mixer, combine egg, vanilla sugar, sugar, a pinch of salt and some of lemon zest. Squeeze in some of the lemon juice and beat until frothy.
I13.2	In a small saucepan, melt butter over low heat. Once it is molten and at a lukewarm temperature, carefully beat into batter.
I13.3	Set aside some of the blueberries for garnish. Use a little bit of flour to coat blueberries. Now add flour, baking powder, and coated blueberries to dough. Beat until ingredients are well incorporated.
I13.4	Line a round baking form with parchment paper and pour in batter. Gently tap form on counter to release air bubbles. Place baking form into oven and bake for approx. 1 h 10 min. at 170°C/350°F until cake is golden brown and fragrant. Allow cake to cool for approx. 10 — 15 min. and then carefully transfer to a plate and let it cool fully.
I13.5	For the icing, whisk together confectioner’s sugar and juice from the remaining lemon. Evenly spread over cake. Garnish with the remaining blueberries and remaining lemon zest.
I13.6	Enjoy as a snack with a cup of coffee or for dessert!
R14	chocolate-strawberry-naked-cake	6
I14.1	Preheat oven to 180°C/350°F. Grease cake pans, line bottoms with parchment paper, and dust with cocoa powder, tapping the pans slightly to remove any excess. In a medium bowl, beat together eggs, oil, milk, and water.
I14.2	In a large bowl, combine flour, cocoa powder, sugar, salt, baking soda, baking powder, some of the vanilla sugar. Add wet ingredients to dry and mix until combined.
I14.3	Scrape batter into prepared pans. Bake cakes for about 20 – 25 min. at 180°C/350°F, or until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean or with a few moist crumbs. Allow to cool for 10 min. in the pan before unmolding, then let cake cool completely on a wire rack. Chill for approx. 15 – 30 min. so that cakes firm up.
I14.4	Meanwhile, make the buttercream: Beat butter until smooth. Gradually add powdered sugar and vanilla sugar and beat until light and fluffy. Add cream and continue to beat until smooth and creamy. If needed, add a bit more cream to loosen the buttercream until silky. Slice strawberries.
I14.5	If needed, cut off rounded cake tops with a serrated knife to make them level. Add one layer to cake plate and evenly spread some of the buttercream over it to cover. Top with a layer of strawberries, then add the second cake layer. Repeat, ending with adding the third layer of cake. Refrigerate for approx. 15 – 30 min. or until cake is cool and firmed up a bit.
I14.6	Thinly coat cake with remaining frosting, letting the chocolate cake peek through to achieve a “naked” look. Prepare chocolate glaze according to package instruction, then drip it over one of the edges of the cake. Garnish with strawberries and add writing, if you like. Enjoy!
R15	lemon-lavender-yogurt-loaf	3
I15.1	Set butter, eggs, and yogurt out to reach room temperature. Preheat oven to 175°C/350°F. Finely chop lavender. Butter a loaf pan and line it with a strip of parchment paper long enough to hang over short sides of the pan. Whisk together flour, baking powder, and salt; set aside. Cream butter, then add sugar, lemon zest, and lavender. Beat until light and well combined, then add eggs one at a time.
I15.2	In a small bowl, combine yogurt with some of the lemon juice and vanilla extract. Fold half of dry ingredients into butter mixture, then add yogurt. Add rest of flour and stir to combine. Pour batter into loaf pan and bake for about 35 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted into center of the cake comes out clean. Let cool in pan for 15 minutes before turning cake out of pan. Let cool completely.
I15.3	Meanwhile, stir together powdered sugar, remaining lemon juice, and vanilla until smooth. Drizzle glaze over cooled cake, sprinkle with lavender buds, and let set before slicing and serving.
R16	eggnog-bundt-cake	3
I16.1	Whisk together oil, sugar, and eggs. Stir in egg liqueur. Fold in flour and baking powder.
I16.2	Lightly grease bundt pan with oil. Transfer batter to pan and bake at 160°C/320°F with convection fan for approx. 50 min.
I16.3	Turn cake out of pan and let cook completely on a wire rack. Transfer to a serving plate and dust with confectioner's sugar, if desired. Enjoy!
R17	chocolate-chip-espresso-icebox-cake	2
I17.1	Beat mascarpone, heavy cream, espresso powder, vanilla, sugar, and cocoa powder in large bowl on low speed. Scrape down bowl, then gradually increase speed until mixture stiffens and forms peaks.
I17.2	Spread a thin layer of whipped cream on the bottom of springform pan, then cover it with a layer of cookies, leaving as little space bare as possible. Break cookies into pieces to fill any gaps. Spread an even layer of whipped cream on top of cookies, then top with another layer of cookies. Continue this pattern until you nearly reach the top of the pan, then end with a layer of whipped cream. Cover cake with plastic wrap and refrigerate overnight. To serve, run a sharp knife along sides of the pan to loosen cake, then remove sides of the pan. Shave some chocolate on top of cake using a vegetable peeler for garnish before serving.
R18	avocado-citrus-salad-with-mixed-nut-pesto	7
I18.1	Wash and dry arugula.
I18.2	Fillet oranges and grapefruit, reserving the juice.
I18.3	Finely slice mint. Quarter avocado, remove the pit, and cut into slices. Rub the slices generously with lemon juice to prevent them from browning.
I18.4	For the dressing, mix the juice of the oranges and the grapefruit with half of the lemon juice. Add Grand Marnier, a part of the olive oil, sugar, and mint. Season with salt and pepper.
I18.5	For the nut pesto, use a food processor to blend the walnuts, pine nuts, Parmesan, garlic, mustard, chili powder, and salt and pepper into a coarse puree.
I18.6	Stir remaining olive oil into the pesto.
I18.7	Carefully fold the citrus fillets into the arugula, then mix with the dressing. Once the salad is plated, top with avocado and season with salt and pepper. Serve with a few dollops of pesto.
R19	russian-salad	8
I19.1	Add two thirds of the eggs to a saucepan and cover with cold water. Bring to a boil and allow to cook for 7 – 8 min. Remove from saucepan and immediately transfer to an ice bath or rinse with cold water. Peel when cool enough to handle.
I19.2	Slice eggs. Dice pickled herring, cooked meat, and gherkins. Finely chop chives. Peel potatoes and carrot and cut into small cubes.
I19.3	Add carrot cubes to a saucepan with lightly salted boiling water and blanch for approx. 3 – 4 min. Remove from water and immediately transfer to an ice bath.
I19.4	Then, add peas to boiling water and blanch for approx. 2 – 3 min. Transfer to ice bath and allow to cool for approx. 3 – 5 min. Remove carrots and peas from ice bath and set aside.
I19.5	In another saucepan, bring lightly salted water to a boil. Add potato cubes and continue to cook for approx. 10 – 13 min. until cooked through. Then remove from water and set aside.
I19.6	Separate remaining eggs and add egg yolk to a bowl. Add mustard and whisk to combine.
I19.7	In a steady stream, add vegetable oil to egg yolks while stirring constantly. Whisk until fully incorporated. Then, season to taste with salt, pepper, and lemon juice.
I19.8	Add potatoes, carrots, peas, gherkins, eggs, cooked meat, pickled herring, and chives to a large bowl. Add mayonnaise and season to taste with salt, pepper, and zest and juice of remaining lemon. Mix carefully to combine all ingredients.
R20	classic-pad-thai	8
I20.1	Soak rice noodles, according to the package instructions, in warm water. Drain and set aside.
I20.2	Cut tofu and pepper into strips and slice green onions into fine rings. Finely chop garlic. Beat eggs in a small bowl.
I20.3	Cut beef into approx. finger-thick slices.
I20.4	Roughly chop peanuts. If desired, roast them in a frying pan beforehand.
I20.5	Mix fish sauce, soy sauce, brown sugar, and lime juice together in a small bowl.
I20.6	The next steps have to happen quickly, so it is best to have all ingredients by the stove. Fry bean sprouts, pepper, tofu, green onions, and garlic in some vegetable oil. Season with salt and pepper and put on a plate.
I20.7	Fry beef in the same pan. Add vegetables and egg. Stir continuously and season with salt and pepper. When the egg is still half runny, add the rice noodles and continue to sauté.
I20.8	Now pour in the pre-made sauce and simmer for approx. 2 - 3 min. Next, fold in freshly chopped cilantro and add chili powder, if desired. Garnish with chopped peanuts and serve.
R21	lentil-and-mushroom-meat-balls	9
I21.1	Add lentils and bay leaves to a large saucepan of salted, boiling water and cook for approx. 25 – 30 min., according to package instructions. Stir occasionally. Drain and set aside. Season to taste with salt.
I21.2	Finely dice onion. Thinly slice garlic. Clean mushrooms and cut them in half. Set aside half of each the onion, garlic, and mushrooms.
I21.3	Roughly chop parsley.
I21.4	Add some vegetable oil to a frying pan and sauté half of each the onion, garlic, and mushrooms over medium heat for approx. 5 – 7 min. until onions are translucent and garlic is golden brown.
I21.5	Transfer cooked lentils and mushrooms to a kitchen processor. Add parsley, jelly, eggs, and oats and gently pulse until everything is roughly chopped.
I21.6	Using your hands, form lentil and mushroom mixture into golf ball-sized balls.
I21.7	Add some vegetable oil to a frying pan and sauté remaining garlic, onions, and mushrooms over medium heat for approx. 5 – 7 min. until onions are translucent and the garlic is golden brown. Deglaze with white wine.
I21.8	Mix together vegetable stock and cream and add to the pan. Let simmer for approx. 2 – 3 min. Squeeze lemon juice into pan. Season to taste with salt, pepper, and sugar.
I21.9	Add lentil and mushroom balls to pan. Cover them in sauce and continue to simmer for approx. 3 – 5 min. until they are heated all the way through. Gently fold parsley into the dish. Serve immediately and enjoy!
R22	peach-crumble	5
I22.1	Preheat the oven to 160°C/ 320°F. For the crumble, knead the cold, cubed butter with the flour and roughly two-thirds of the sugar with hands, or in a food processor, until it reaches a consistency similar to bread crumbs.
I22.2	Put buttery crumbles into a baking dish or on a baking tray with baking paper. Bake in a preheated oven at 160°C/ 320°F for approx. 8 - 10 min. until crispy and golden.
I22.3	For the peach compote, pit peaches and cut into bite-size pieces (approx 1cm x 1 cm).
I22.4	Caramelize remaining sugar until light brown. Add cinnamon stick, cloves, star anise, and cubed peaches and deglaze with white port wine.
I22.5	Next, reduce everything for approx. 5 min. on a low heat. To serve, fill serving bowls with the compote and lay the slightly cooled crumbles on top. Serve with whipped cream as desired.
R23	mango-chia-pudding	3
I23.1	Split and scrape vanilla bean. Add to jar along with coconut drink, almond drink, and honey. Stir to combine.
I23.2	Add chia seeds and mix until combined. Cover and refrigerate overnight.
I23.3	Before serving, peel and cube the mango. Purée in a blender until smooth. Top chia pudding with mango purée and enjoy!
R24	baked-sweet-potatoes-with-zesty-avocado-filling	4
I24.1	Preheat oven to 200°C/400°F. Pierce skin of sweet potatoes approx. 5 to 7 times with a fork. Zest and juice limes. Set some juice aside for the filling. Mince garlic. Cut bell pepper, avocado, and endive into bite-sized pieces. Mince chili pepper, if using.
I24.2	Place sweet potatoes onto a parchment-lined baking sheet and brush with some lime juice and olive oil. Top with zest and minced garlic. Season with salt and pepper. Transfer to oven, and bake at 200°C/400°F for approx. 60 min. until tender.
I24.3	Meanwhile, combine bell pepper, avocado, and endive in a large bowl. Add chili pepper, if using, as well as sunflower seeds and remaining lime juice. Season with salt and pepper.
I24.4	Remove potatoes from oven and make a slit in the top of each. Top each with 1 tbsp coconut oil and mash with fork. Spoon avocado filling on top and drizzle with olive oil. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Enjoy!
R25	mini-apple-croissants	7
I25.1	In a large bowl, mix einkorn wheat, baking powder, coconut sugar, and salt. Stir in yogurt and coconut oil and work into a smooth dough with your hands.
I25.2	Cover mixing bowl with a kitchen towel and let rest in the fridge for approx. 30 min. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.
I25.3	Meanwhile, chop almonds and mix with birch sugar and cinnamon. Preheat oven to 150°C/300°F top-bottom heat.
I25.4	On a floured surface, roll out dough into a round (approx. 26 cm/10 in.). If necessary, use a plate as a guide and add flour for dusting. Cut dough into 16 equal triangles.
I25.5	Peel, core, and slice apple. Spread some of the almond-cinnamon mixture over the dough triangles. Place an apple slice on the outer part of each piece of dough.
I25.6	Roll up the pieces of dough from the outside in, wrapping the apple slices inside.
I25.7	Place mini croissants on baking sheet and top with the rest of the almond-cinnamon mixture. Transfer to oven and bake for approx. 15 – 18 min at 150°C/300°F. Let cool. Enjoy!
R26	simple-pasta-with-fresh-black-truffle	6
I26.1	Grate cheese. Cook pasta in a large pot of salted boiling water until al dente, according to package instructions.
I26.2	Meanwhile, melt butter in a large sauté pan.
I26.3	Reserve some of the pasta water before straining.
I26.4	Add cooked pasta to sauté pan and toss to coat with butter.
I26.5	Add grated cheese and some pasta water to loosen mixture to desired consistency and mix to combine. Season to taste with salt and pepper.
I26.6	Thinly shave black truffle over each bowl at the table. Enjoy!
R27	marbled-coffee-cake	6
I27.1	Preheat oven to 180°C/350°F. Separate egg yolks from egg whites. In a stand mixer bowl, beat together sugar and egg whites, for approx. 3 – 5 min., until stiff peaks form.
I27.2	Beat together butter, egg yolks, and confectioner’s sugar for approx. 3 – 5 min.
I27.3	Sift in flour and mix well to combine. In a large bowl, fold egg white mixture into butter mixture. Next, evenly divide batter into two halves, add cocoa powder to one bowl, and mix well to combine.
I27.4	Grease and flour bundt pan. Spoon light and dark doughs into pan in alternating layers. Bake in preheated oven at 180°C/350°F for approx. 50 – 60 min. Remove from oven and let cool in the pan for approx. 15 – 20 min. Then turn out onto a cooling rack.
I27.5	Once the cake has cooled melt butter and chocolate glaze in a small saucepan over lowest heat for approx. 8 – 10 min. Stir until everything has melted.
I27.6	Spoon chocolate glaze evenly over the top and leave to set. Enjoy!
R28	orange-smoothie-with-arugula	2
I28.1	Reconstitute goji berries in water for 5 – 10 min. Peel and dice banana. Peel and segment orange.
I28.2	Add bananas, oranges, grapes, arugula, water, ice cubes, and berries to blender. Blend on high for approx. 1 - 2 min. until well mixed. Add some honey for more sweetness, if desired. Enjoy as a snack or for breakfast!
R29	baked-pesto-chicken	4
I29.1	Preheat oven to 200°C/400°F. Slice tomatoes. Place chicken and pesto in medium bowl; toss to coat.
I29.2	Place chicken in large ovenproof frying pan or on baking sheet lined with heavy-duty foil.
I29.3	Bake at 200°C/400°F for approx. 20 – 25 min, or until chicken is no longer pink in the center. Remove from oven.
I29.4	Top chicken with tomato slices and cheese. Bake for approx. 3 – 5 more min., or until cheese is melted. Garnish with fresh basil, if desired. Enjoy!
R30	mediterranean-mezze-platter	7
I30.1	Preheat the oven to 200°C/390°F. Halve eggplants lengthwise, score flesh crosswise and drizzle some olive oil on top. Roast for approx. 30 – 40 min. until soft. Then leave to cool.
I30.2	For the carrot salad, finely chop mint. Peel and grate carrots.
I30.3	Toast pumpkin seeds until fragrant.
I30.4	Toss grated carrots with chopped mint, toasted pumpkin seeds, cranberries, half of the cumin, some lemon juice, and some olive oil. Season with salt and pepper and allow to sit for 10 – 20 min.
I30.5	For the hummus, purée chickpeas with peeled garlic, tahini, olive oil, water, some lemon juice, the remaining cumin, and salt and pepper. Transfer to a bowl.
I30.6	For the eggplant dip, scrape out soft eggplant flesh and finely chop. Transfer to a large bowl. Make sure that the eggplant has a chance to cool before handling it.
I30.7	Now, finely chop thyme leaves and garlic. Add both to the eggplant mash together with some tahini, plain yogurt, and lemon juice. Mix until everything is well combined. Season with salt and pepper. Enjoy the mezze platter with fresh vegetable sticks!
R31	crispy-red-mullet-with-paprika-couscous	4
I31.1	Heat up vegetable stock. Season with turmeric, salt, and pepper. Once it comes to a boil, remove from stove and stir in couscous. Let sit, according to package instructions, for approx. 5 min. until the couscous is cooked.
I31.2	In the meantime, pick coriander, mint, and parsley leaves. Finely slice them.
I31.3	Stir herbs and paprika paste into cooked couscous. Season again to taste with salt and pepper.
I31.4	Heat up some vegetable oil in a frying pan. Lightly coat the skin side of the red mullet fillets with flour. Fry filets for approx. 1 – 2 min. on the skin side. Turn fillets over. Add butter, thyme, rosemary, and crushed garlic to the pan. Season with salt and pepper and finish cooking for another minute. Serve fillets on top of couscous and garnish with some dollops of paprika paste.
R32	tempura-zucchini-sticks	4
I32.1	Cut zucchini in half. Quarter lengthwise. Remove the seeds with a diagonal cut. Cut again into strips.
I32.2	Mix together flour, baking powder, and salt. Add corn oil and then slowly incorporate mineral water until batter is thick.
I32.3	Dredge zucchini sticks in tempura batter until well-coated.
I32.4	In a frying pan, heat up some vegetable oil over medium heat and cook zucchini for approx. 3 – 5 min. until golden brown. Transfer to a plate lined with paper towel and allow to cool for approx. 2 – 3 min. Then, transfer to a serving platter, drizzle with honey, and sprinkle with sea salt .Enjoy right away!
R33	soft-pretzels-and-veal-sausages	6
I33.1	Dissolve yeast in lukewarm water.
I33.2	Add flour, sugar and some salt to a stand mixer. Add dissolved yeast and mix into a smooth dough. Place the dough into a large bowl, cover and let rise for approx. 1 h, until the dough has doubled in size.
I33.3	Preheat oven to 200°C/400°F. On a lightly floured surface, knead the dough once more and divide into ten portions. Roll each into long strips and fold into a pretzel shape.
I33.4	Add remaining salt to a large saucepan of boiling water. Turn down to a simmer and slowly add baking soda. Be careful, as foam can rise quickly if the water is still too hot.
I33.5	Slide one pretzel at a time into the simmering water with a slotted spoon. Simmer for approx. 1 - 2 min.
I33.6	Place the pretzels on a lined baking sheet, score with a knife and sprinkle with coarse salt. Bake for approx. 10 - 15 min. or until they are a deep brown. Heat veal sausages in a large saucepan of simmering water. Serve pretzels and sausages garnished with parsley and sweet mustard.
R34	buttermilk-chicken-wings	4
I34.1	Finely chop rosemary. Combine buttermilk, lime zest, chopped rosemary, paprika, salt, and pepper. Add pressed garlic and stir to combine.
I34.2	Pour buttermilk mixture into a freezer bag. Add chicken wings and mix well. Transfer to refrigerator and let marinate for approx. 2 hours.
I34.3	Add bread crumbs to a large bowl. Coat chicken wings with bread crumbs, using tongs to make sure they are coated on all sides.
I34.4	Heat a generous amount of vegetable oil in a frying pan. Once oil is hot, add chicken wings and cook until browned and cooked through, approx. 8 – 10 min. Rotate to cook on all sides. Enjoy with your favorite dipping sauce.
R35	sauerkraut-mushroom-stew	4
I35.1	Clean and slice mushrooms, mince shallot, and slice cornichons horizontally.
I35.2	Add oil to pan over medium-high heat, then add mushrooms and shallots. Sauté for approx. 3 min. or until fragrant. Add beef and continue to cook for approx. 1 min. more, or until browned on all sides. Add ground paprika and bay leaf, as well as salt and pepper to taste and mix to combine. Add beef stock.
I35.3	Lower heat to a simmer, then add sauerkraut and continue to cook for an approx. 30 – 40 min., or until the beef is tender. Add sugar to taste, then stir in the sliced cornichons. Remove from heat.
I35.4	Transfer stew to two serving dishes and garnish with sour cream, parsley, and salt and pepper to taste.
R36	tex-mex-hash	5
I36.1	Cut bell pepper, mushrooms, and red onion into bite-sized pieces. Mince garlic. Roughly chop parsley and cilantro. Cut green beans and snap peas in half.
I36.2	In a large saucepan, blanch green beans and snap peas in salted boiling water for approx. 8 – 10 min. Transfer to an ice bath for approx. 20 sec. Drain and set aside.
I36.3	Season ground beef to taste with salt and pepper and form into ping pong-sized meatballs. Heat up some vegetable oil in a large frying pan over medium heat. Add meatballs and cook for approx. 4 – 6 min. until browned. Add garlic once meatballs are nearly cooked through.
I36.4	Add bell pepper, mushrooms, red onion, green beans, snap peas, parsley, and cilantro to pan and continue to cook for approx. 3 – 5 min. Season to taste with salt and pepper.
I36.5	In a separate large frying pan, fry eggs in some vegetable oil over medium heat for approx. 2 – 4 min. until whites are opaque and yolks begin to set. Then, transfer fried eggs to pan with meatballs. Enjoy with a side of our signature hot chili sauce!
R37	blueberry-spinach-smoothie	3
I37.1	Roughly tear up spinach. Cut banana into chunks.
I37.2	Add spinach, banana chunks, blueberries, peanut butter, ice cubes, and dates to blender.
I37.3	Add almond milk to blender and blend on high speed for approx. 1 – 2 min. until smooth. Stir in blueberries. Enjoy for breakfast or as a healthy snack!
R38	chocolate-cake-with-preserved-winter-pears	6
I38.1	Preheat oven to 180°C/350°F. Heat a little water in a large saucepan and bring it to a boil at medium-high heat. Reduce heat and place a large bowl on top as a double boiler. Add butter and chocolate to bowl and stir until melted.
I38.2	Add eggs and part of the sugar to a stand mixer. Beat until well combined. Pour into molten chocolate and stir thoroughly.
I38.3	Sift flour, cocoa powder, baking powder, and salt into the dough. Stir to combine.
I38.4	Distribute dough evenly in a muffin tin. Bake in preheated oven at 180°C/350°F for approx. 15 – 20 min.
I38.5	Meanwhile, peel, quarter and core pears. Caramelize remaining sugar in a small saucepan. Deglaze with port wine. Add pear juice, star anise, and cloves.
I38.6	Add pears to saucepan and simmer for approx. 15 – 20 min. Enjoy the chocolate cakes with warm spiced pears and garnish with some confectioner’s sugar.
R39	chicken-tikka-masala	8
I39.1	Finely dice onion and chili. Finely chop mint and cilantro. Cut chicken, tomato, and bell pepper into bite-sized cubes.
I39.2	With a mortar and pestle, finely grind coriander seed, cumin, cayenne pepper, and half of the turmeric.
I39.3	In a small bowl, fold spice mixture into yogurt. Place chicken pieces in freezer bag and add spiced yogurt. Mix well and marinate in the refrigerator for at least 30 min. or ideally for a few hours.
I39.4	Preheat oven to 180°C/355°F. Transfer marinated chicken to a lined baking sheet and bake in oven for approx. 25 – 30 min.
I39.5	In a small saucepan, sauté onion in some vegetable oil over medium heat for approx. 5 – 7 min. until golden brown. Add ginger garlic paste as well as diced chili, bell pepper, and tomatoes and continue to sauté for approx. 4 - 5 min. Season with remaining turmeric, garam masala, salt, and pepper and allow to cook for approx. 15 min.
I39.6	Add crème fraîche and water to pan and stir thoroughly to incorporate.
I39.7	Using a hand blender, puree sauce until smooth.
I39.8	Add cooked chicken to pan and stir well. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Fold in chopped mint and cilantro, reserving some for garnish. Enjoy with naan bread or basmati rice!
R40	eggnog-crumb-cake	6
I40.1	For the cumbs, add part of the flour, part of the sugar, brown sugar, salt, and cinnamon to a large bowl. Melt part of the butter, add to bowl, and mix into coarse crumbs. Set aside.
I40.2	Preheat oven to 160°C/320°F. Add part of the butter and sugar to a standing mixer and beat until fluffy. In a small bowl, mix part of the eggnog with the eggs, sour cream, and vanilla extract.
I40.3	Sift the remaining flour, baking powder, baking soda, nutmeg, and a pinch of salt into another small bowl. While mixer is running, add alternating spoons of flour and eggnog mixtures until both mixtures are incorporated into the dough.
I40.4	Line loaf pan with parchment paper. Transfer dough into pan and top with crumbs. Bake in preheated oven at 160°C/320°F for approx. 40 - 45 min.
I40.5	Remove cake from oven, transfer to a cooling rack, and let cool. In the meantime, make the glaze by melting remaining butter and mixing with the remaining eggnog, rum, and confectioner’s sugar. Drizzle glaze over cake.
I40.6	Once the glaze has set, cut cake into slices and enjoy.
R41	pistachio-crusted-rack-of-lamb-with-rosemary-polenta	11
I41.1	Finely dice shallot.
I41.2	Sauté shallots in butter for approx. 3 – 5 min. until translucent.
I41.3	Using a food processor, roughly chop the pistachios.
I41.4	In a large bowl, mix together the pistachios, breadcrumbs, egg, mustard, shallot and olive oil. Stir thoroughly to combine.
I41.5	Using a fine grater, grate nutmeg into pistachio mixture. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Stir well.
I41.6	Place pistachio mixture onto a large piece of plastic wrap. Form into a cylindrical shape and tightly wrap. Transfer to refrigerator and allow to set.
I41.7	Roughly chop green olives.
I41.8	Add chicken broth and rosemary leaves to a saucepan over medium-low heat and season with salt and pepper. Grate in nutmeg and bring to a boil.
I41.9	Add polenta and stir constantly until the mixture thickens.
I41.10	Mix in olives and grate in Parmesan cheese. Stir well to combine and set aside.
I41.11	Preheat oven to 180°C (350°F). In an ovenproof frying pan, heat up some olive oil and sauté the lamb over medium-high heat for approx. 3 – 5 min per side. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Remove pistachio mixture from plastic wrap. Spread on top of lamb. Place frying pan into preheated oven and cook at 180°C (350°F) for approx. 10 – 15 min. Enjoy with polenta!
R42	graveyard-salsa	4
I42.1	Preheat oven to 150°C/300°F.  Blanch tomatoes for approx. 1 – 2 min. in boiling water. Then transfer to an ice bath to halt the cooking process.
I42.2	Finely dice bell pepper, onion, chili, ginger, garlic, and cilantro. Peel skin off tomatoes, quarter, remove seeds, and finely dice.
I42.3	Using scissors, cut graveyard themed chips, such as headstones and ghosts, from tortillas. Place on a lined baking sheet, transfer to preheated oven, and bake at 150°C/300°F for approx. 10 – 15 min. until golden brown.
I42.4	In a large frying pan, sauté onion, bell pepper, garlic, ginger, and chili in some vegetable oil over medium heat for approx. 3 – 5 min. until lightly browned. Add tomato paste and stir well to combine. Deglaze with vegetable stock and simmer for approx. 10 – 15 min. Add diced tomato and simmer for an additional 10 – 15 min. Remove from heat and allow to cool for approx. 15 – 20 min. When salsa is cold, season to taste with salt, pepper, sugar, cumin, and lemon juice. Fold in cilantro. Serve with baked tortilla chips. Enjoy!
R43	gnocchi-in-marinara-sauce	4
I43.1	Finely chop onion and garlic. Cut mozzarella into walnut-sized pieces.
I43.2	Fry gnocchi in a pan with some butter for approx. 8 – 10 min.
I43.3	For the tomato sauce, heat up some vegetable oil in a saucepan and fry onion and garlic until transparent. Add oregano and tomatoes. Let simmer for 10 – 12 min. Season with sugar, salt, and pepper.
I43.4	Before serving, top gnocchi with tomato sauce and buffalo mozzarella. Garnish with fresh basil leaves. Enjoy!
R44	tuna-steak-with-cucumber-guacamole	3
I44.1	Peel the onion and garlic and finely chop. Chop cilantro, halve jalapeño, remove seeds, and finely chop. Wash cucumber, halve, and finely dice. For the guacamole, halve avocados and remove pit and flesh. Transfer half of the flesh to the bowl and mash. Mix with lime juice and orange juice until creamy. Add onion, cilantro, and jalapeño, and mix to combine. Season with garlic, cumin, and salt to taste.
I44.2	Dice the remaining avocado and fold into the guacamole along with cucumber.
I44.3	Season the tuna fillets with salt and pepper, rub with oil, and fry in a nonstick pan set over high heat. Fry for approx. 30 – 60 sec. on each side, for a rare seared steak. Serve immediately with a side of the guacamole, a sprinkle of lemon juice, and a drizzle of olive oil. Enjoy!
R45	one-dough-three-cookie-creations	6
I45.1	Cut butter into small cubes. Add flour, sugar, butter, egg, and ground almonds to a standing mixer. Knead until a smooth dough forms.
I45.2	Wrap dough in plastic wrap, transfer to refrigerator, and let rest for approx. 1 h.
I45.3	Preheat oven to 180°C/350°F. Flour work surface and roll out dough thinly. For the first variation, use the large cookie cutter to cut out round shapes. Use the small cookie cutter to cut out a hole in the center of half of the large cookie rounds. Brush round shapes with jam and place doughnut shapes on top. Cut out Christmas-themed cookies from the remaining dough. Transfer all cookies to preheated oven and bake for approx. 10 – 15 min., in batches if necessary.
I45.4	Meanwhile, combine confectioner’s sugar and lemon juice in a small bowl.
I45.5	Add chocolate to a small saucepan and melt over low heat.
I45.6	Remove cookies from oven. Set aside for approx. 5 min. until they are cool to the touch. Brush the Christmas-themed cookies either with chocolate or lemon glaze. Sprinkle some confectioner’s sugar over jam cookies before serving. Enjoy!
R46	broccoli-and-gorgonzola-pizza	3
I46.1	Preheat oven to 230°C/450°F. Roll out the pizza dough and place on a baking sheet lined with parchment paper, if needed. Wash broccoli, remove the stalk, and divide into small florets. Cut Gorgonzola into cubes and roughly chop almonds.
I46.2	Bake pizza dough in the oven on the lower rack for approx. 4 min., then remove from oven and allow to cool slightly. Spread mascarpone onto the dough, distribute broccoli and gorgonzola evenly on top, and sprinkle with chopped almonds.
I46.3	Drizzle pizza with olive oil and season with salt and pepper to taste. Transfer to oven and bake on lower rack at 230°C/450°F for approx. 10 – 15 min., or until golden and crisp. Enjoy!
R47	classic-blondies	5
I47.1	Preheat oven to 175°C/350°F. Line a square baking pan with aluminum foil, letting some hang over the sides. Grease foil with a pat of butter. Set pan aside. Melt remaining butter in a small saucepan over medium low heat until it starts to brown and smell nutty, swirling it around the pan from time to time. Transfer to a large mixing bowl and allow to cool completely.
I47.2	Add sugar to cooled butter and mix until emulsified. Then, add eggs and vanilla to butter and sugar mixture, beat until combined.
I47.3	Whisk together flour and salt in a small bowl. Stir into butter mixture and beat until combined.
I47.4	Chop chocolate and add to batter, or simply use chocolate chips. Stir until incorporated.
I47.5	Transfer batter to prepared baking dish and bake in preheated oven at 175°C/350°F for approx. 20 – 30 min. until golden brown. Blondies should not be too soft in the middle and just starting to crack on top. Cool completely, and then use the aluminum foil to help transfer the blondies out of the pan. Cut into squares and enjoy!
R48	stuffed-chinese-cabbage-rolls	6
I48.1	Peel and finely chop garlic, then set aside. Finely slice green onions and set aside, as well. Wash Chinese cabbage, cut off stem, and remove outer, dry leaves. According to serving size, remove some whole leaves for the cabbage rolls. Finely chop remaining inner leaves.
I48.2	For filling, add mushrooms to a bowl with warm water and let soak until softened. Drain, finely chop, and add to a mixing bowl. Add chopped Chinese Cabbage and ground pork, and season with some of the light soy sauce, oyster sauce, and salt. Stir until combined and let marinate for approx. 30 min.
I48.3	Blanche whole Chinese cabbage leaves in steam oven for approx. 1 min. Transfer to an ice bath-filled bowl directly afterwards.
I48.4	Smooth blanched cabbage leaves onto a clean work surface and place two spoons of filling on each leaf. Roll from the bottom up, folding in both sides in order to seal in the filling. If desired, fix with toothpicks. Repeat until all filling is used up.
I48.5	Transfer stuffed cabbage rolls to cooking container and steam at 100°C/210°F for approx. 20 min. Reserve cooking liquid for later use.
I48.6	Heat oil a small saucepan. Fry chopped garlic on low heat for approx. 2 min., or until fragrant. Mix together starch with a little bit of water to form a slurry. Add cooking liquid, remaining light soy sauce, oyster sauce, slurry, and simmer for approx. 5 min.  Sprinkle green onions on Chinese cabbage rolls, and serve with sauce and rice. Enjoy!
R49	fresh-avocado-and-mango-salad	3
I49.1	Peel mango, slice off the pit and cut into thin strips. Peel and pit avocado and cut into bite-sized pieces. Slice cucumber and green onions into rings. Finely dice chili and roughly chop mint and cilantro. Using a vegetable cube slicer, cut bell pepper into cubes.
I49.2	In a large, grease-free frying pan, toast cashews over medium-low heat for approx. 3 – 5 min. until fragrant and golden brown.
I49.3	Add all ingredients to a large bowl. Whisk together lime juice, sesame oil, sugar, soy sauce, and salt in a small bowl. Add dressing on salad and toss until evenly distributed. Enjoy!
R50	flourless-chocolate-cake	4
I50.1	Preheat the oven to 180°C/ 350°F. Roughly chop couverture. Cut butter into small pieces. Next, melt both together with sugar in the microwave at 600Watt for approx 2 - 3 min.
I50.2	Add eggs and a small pinch of salt to the chocolate mixture and beat well with a whisk.
I50.3	Next, transfer the mixture into a springform, greased if required.
I50.4	Bake in a preheated oven at 180°C/ 355°F for approx. 25 – 30 min. Allow the cake to cool for approx. 10 – 15 min before removing from the tin. Serve with icing sugar and whipped cream, as desired.
R51	white-chocolate-meringue-pineapple	4
I51.1	Peel pineapple and cut into bite-sized pieces.
I51.2	Finely chop meringue and white chocolate in food processor.
I51.3	Mix meringue, chocolate, and coconut in a large bowl.
I51.4	Coat pineapple chunks with the prepared meringue mixture and serve with some Greek yogurt on the side.
R52	fluffy-waffles-with-apple-cinnamon-chutney	8
I52.1	Beat butter and approx. a third of the sugar in a standing mixer or with a hand mixer until fluffy.
I52.2	Add eggs one after the other and mix until incorporated.
I52.3	Add flour, baking powder, a pinch of salt, and milk. Continue to mix until a smooth batter forms.
I52.4	For the chutney, cut apples into fine cubes.
I52.5	Caramelize the remaining sugar in a small saucepan. Deglaze with lemon juice and reduce until the caramel is velvety.
I52.6	Add apple juice to the caramel and reduce on medium-high heat for another 5 min.
I52.7	Add apple pieces, cinnamon stick and a pinch of salt and allow to reduce on medium heat for approx. 5 - 10 min. until the fruit has softened.
I52.8	Meanwhile, heat the waffle iron and grease if necessary. Bake the waffles in the waffle iron until golden. Serve warm with icing sugar and apple chutney.
R53	omelette-with-spinach-and-feta	4
I53.1	In a mixing bowl, whisk together eggs and milk. Season to taste with salt and pepper.
I53.2	In a frying pan, sauté the spinach until wilted. Season to taste with nutmeg, salt, and pepper. Set aside.
I53.3	Melt butter in frying pan, add eggs. Simmer on medium-low heat for approx. 1 min., then sprinkle spinach and feta on top.
I53.4	Fold omelette to close, like you would a letter, and continue to cook until heated through.Transfer to plate and enjoy!
R54	sauerkraut-apple-and-bacon-quiche	6
I54.1	Mix together flour and salt. Transfer to a work surface, form into a mound, and create a cavity in the center. Crack egg into cavity. Cut butter into chunks, distribute on top of flour, and then cut into dough using a dough scraper. Next, use hands to thoroughly incorporate ingredients into uniform dough. Press into a flat disc. Wrap dough in plastic wrap and place in the fridge for approx. 30 min.
I54.2	Finely dice onion. Core apple and cut into thin slices. Cut bacon into small cubes
I54.3	In a small saucepan, cook bacon over medium-high heat for approx. 1 – 2 min. Add onion and apples, and continue to cook for another approx. 2 – 3 min. Next, add sauerkraut, juniper berries, caraway seeds, bay leaf, and white wine. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Stir thoroughly. Reduce heat to low and cook uncovered for approx. 20 min. Remove juniper berries and bay leaf. Drain sauerkraut thoroughly and set aside.
I54.4	Preheat oven to 180°C/350°F. Roll out dough, gently press into a greased pie dish, and poke with a fork.
I54.5	In a large bowl, whisk together remainder of the eggs, heavy cream, nutmeg, salt, and pepper.
I54.6	Evenly distribute sauerkraut mixture in pie dish, pour egg and cream mixture on top, and sprinkle with grated cheese. Place in preheated oven and bake at 180°C/350°F for approx. 25 – 30 min. until golden brown. Serve warm immediately. Enjoy with a dollop of crème fraiche on top, if desired!
R55	soy-vanilla-pudding-with-blueberry-sauce	4
I55.1	Dissolve cornstarch in a part of the soy milk. Stir well to avoid lumps.
I55.2	Add remaining soy milk, parts of the sugar, vanilla bean seeds, and zest of lemon and orange to a large saucepan. Bring to a boil and reduce to a simmer, stirring occasionally.
I55.3	Whisk in dissolved starch into the soy milk mixture. Return to a boil while stirring constantly. Transfer to small serving dishes and allow to cool.
I55.4	Finely chop mint. Then, combine Cassis and remaining sugar in a small saucepan. Bring to a boil, add blueberries, and remove from heat. Set aside to cool. Before serving, stir in chopped mint. Top each pudding with blueberry sauce.
R56	gluten-free-apple-cake	6
I56.1	Preheat oven to 180°C/350°F and grease springform pan with coconut oil. For the crust, pulse oats in a food processor to a fine flour. Add buckwheat flour, coconut oil, maple syrup, some cinnamon, baking powder, and a pinch of salt, and pulse to form a crust. If the mixture is too dry, carefully add water a tbsp. at a time to make the crust moldable.
I56.2	Use hands to press two-thirds of the dough evenly into springform pan along the base and border. Lightly flour work surface and remaining dough. Roll out, using a rolling pin. Use a cookie cutter to cut out decorative shapes, or roll out dough into a round the size of the pan, if you prefer.
I56.3	For the filling, peel and quarter apples. Remove core and slice.
I56.4	In a large bowl, thoroughly mix apple slices, some cinnamon, nutmeg, lemon juice, agave syrup, arrowroot flour, coconut sugar, speculaas spice, and salt.
I56.5	Transfer filling to prepared springform pan and spread evenly.
I56.6	Cover filling with either with cookie cut-outs or a round of dough. For the latter, pierce top with a fork to allow steam to escape while baking. Place in preheated oven and bake at 180°C/350°F for approx. 30 min. Cover with aluminum foil and press down lightly so that the apple juice rises to the top and soaks the entire cake. Bake for approx. 45 – 60 min. more, until golden brown. Allow to cool completely on a cooling rack before cutting. Enjoy!
R57	chicken-pot-pie	4
I57.1	Preheat oven to 180°C/350°F. Finely dice carrots. Mince garlic, oregano, and half the parsley. Cut chicken into small cubes.
I57.2	Heat some butter in a small saucepan. Add carrots and sauté on high heat for approx. 4 – 5 min. until golden. Add chicken and garlic. Deglaze with chicken broth and add rosemary, black peppercorns, and remaining parsley. Reduce heat and simmer for approx. 2 – 3 min. Remove chicken and set aside. Increase heat and reduce broth to two thirds of the original amount. Discard peppercorns, rosemary, and sprigs of parsley.
I57.3	Meanwhile, make a roux by heating butter over low heat in a small saucepan. Stir in flour with a whisk. Stirring occasionally, cook until mixture is golden. While whisking vigorously, add reduced chicken broth with carrots, cream, lemon juice, sugar, and Worcestershire sauce. Whisk until no lumps remain and remove from heat. Season to taste with nutmeg, salt, and pepper. Combine roux, chicken, peas, chopped parsley, and oregano.
I57.4	Evenly divide mixture among ramekins. Cut puff pastry into rounds slightly larger than the ramekins, place over the top, and press edges closed. Pierce center of puff pastry rounds with a knife. Bake in a preheated oven at 180°C/350°F for approx. 15 – 20 min. until pastry is golden. Enjoy!
R58	watermelon-ginger-spritzer	3
I58.1	Peel and cube watermelon, then add to a blender or food processor and purée until smooth. Pass through a sieve into a mixing bowl, then transfer juice to ice cube tray. Transfer tray to freezer until set.
I58.2	Pour ginger syrup and lime juice into a glass, add some of the watermelon ice cubes, and top with sparkling water and non-alcoholic sparkling wine.
I58.3	Garnish with watermelon peel. Cheers!
R59	mummy-sausages	5
I59.1	Preheat oven to 180°C/350°F. Finely dice shallots.
I59.2	Halve puff pastry sheet. Spread sour cream over one half. Sprinkle cheese and shallots on top. Season with salt and pepper.
I59.3	Spread ketchup over other half of the puff pastry. Sprinkle chili flakes on top.
I59.4	Cut sausages in half. Make a slit in the middle of the cut side of each sausage to form two legs. Slightly above the center of the sausage, make two vertical slits on each side to form arms. Cut pastry sheets into thin strips and wrap around arms and legs of each mummy. Place mummies on a lined baking sheet, transfer to a preheated oven, and bake at 180°C/355°F for approx. 10 – 12 min. until golden brown.
I59.5	Serve hot or cold. Enjoy!
R60	pasta-puttanesca	5
I60.1	Cook pasta for approx. 8 – 10 min. in plenty of salted boiling water, according to package instructions. When draining, save some pasta water and set aside.
I60.2	Drain capers. Halve olives lengthwise. Mince anchovies. Finely dice onion and garlic. Dice chorizo into hazelnut-sized pieces.
I60.3	Fry chorizo over medium-high heat until it is crispy. Add onions and garlic and sauté for approx. 2 – 3 min.
I60.4	Add olives, anchovies, and crushed tomatoes and allow to simmer for approx. 15 – 20 min. on low heat until the sauce has thickened slightly.
I60.5	Fold in capers and season with sugar, salt and pepper. Add cooked pasta, toss briefly and garnish with more capers to taste.
R61	rhubarb-vanilla-cocktail	4
I61.1	Scrape out vanilla bean. Add rhubarb, sugar, vanilla bean seeds, scraped out vanilla bean, lemon juice and water to a saucepan and simmer, covered with a lid, for approx. 12 – 15 min. on medium-low heat, or until rhubarb is softened.
I61.2	Pass mixture through a sieve, passing the clear juice into a mixing bowl. Press rhubarb mixture carefully in order to extract all juices. Let cool.
I61.3	Pour rhubarb juice and pink grapefruit juice into a serving glass. Fill with ice. Add dry sparkling rosé.
I61.4	Garnish with rosemary, rhubarb, and vanilla bean.
R62	gyudon	6
I62.1	Add rice, water and a pinch of salt to a saucepan. Bring to a simmer, reduce heat and allow to cook for approx. 10 – 15 min. until done.  If necessary, drain excess water.
I62.2	Meanwhile, cut beef into thin strips. Cut red onion and green onion into thin slices.
I62.3	Add red onion, soy sauce, mirin, oyster sauce, sake, and sugar to a saucepan. Bring to a simmer over medium-high heat and continue to cook for approx. 2 – 3 min.
I62.4	Then, add beef strips to saucepan and stir to cover with sauce.
I62.5	Turn off heat, cover with aluminum foil, and allow to stew until meat is tender, approx. 3 – 4 min.
I62.6	Remove aluminum foil and garnish with green onions. Serve over rice.
R63	multigrain-dinner-rolls	3
I63.1	Preheat oven to 180°C/350°F. Transfer wheat bran to a mixing bowl and add psyllium husk, chia seeds, baking powder, powdered milk, and salt. Stir to combine.
I63.2	In a small bowl, whisk together yogurt, water, and egg. Add wet ingredients to dry ingredients and mix until combined.
I63.3	Form dough into balls and transfer to a parchment-lined baking sheet. Roll balls in black sesame, white sesame, or poppy seeds. Bake at 180°C/350°F for approx. 20 – 30 min. Enjoy!
R64	fresh-lime-tart	6
I64.1	Preheat the oven to 180°C/350°F. For the base, place diced, cold butter, sugar, milk, and a pinch of salt into a standing mixer or mix with a hand mixer.
I64.2	Next, add the flour and knead into the mixture. Then knead the dough smooth by hand, wrap it in plastic wrap, and leave it to cool.
I64.3	In the meantime, zest one lime and juice all of the limes.
I64.4	In a large bowl, whisk the crème fraîche together with sugar, eggs, lime zest, and lime juice until frothy.
I64.5	Roll the dough to 0.3 cm thin and lay it into a tart dish, leaving an edge. Put some parchment paper over it, weigh it down with baking beans, and blind bake in a preheated oven at 180°C/350°F for approx. 12 - 15 min. Then, let cool for approx. 10 - 15 min.
I64.6	Pour the filling onto the cooled base and bake in a preheated oven at 170°C /338°F for approx. 30 - 35 min. Leave the tart to cool down, then chill for approx. 1 - 2 hours. Serve with a garnish of fresh mint.
R65	goat-cheese-terrine	7
I65.1	Finely chop garlic. Finely dice shallots, spring onions, zucchini, and peppers.
I65.2	Add the garlic, shallots, and chopped vegetables to a large frying pan and sauté with some olive oil. Season with cayenne pepper, salt, and pepper and leave to cool.
I65.3	Warm goat cheese in a saucepan so that it reaches a spreadable consistency.
I65.4	Stir the agar-agar into cold vegetable stock and then bring to a boil. Combine with warm goat cheese and mix together.
I65.5	Line the terrine form with plastic wrap. This works best when the form is filled with a small amount of water, allowing the plastic wrap to lie perfectly inside it. Then pour out the water and pat dry.
I65.6	Add one third of the goat cheese to the form.
I65.7	Add a layer of vegetables and press down lightly. Repeat until goat cheese and vegetables have all been used. Cover the terrine and chill for at least 2 hrs. Cut into slices and serve with watercress and pesto.
R66	prince-cookies	6
I66.1	Mix flour and baking powder together in a mixing bowl or the bowl of stand mixer. Add butter and stir to combine until a crumbly dough forms.
I66.2	Add sugar, vanilla sugar, and egg and beat until smooth.
I66.3	Wrap dough in plastic wrap and refrigerate for approx. 60 min.
I66.4	Chop chocolate and add to a bowl. Scald cream in a small saucepan and pour over chopped chocolate. Stir to combine, then let cool at room temperature.
I66.5	Preheat oven to 180°C/350°F. Flour work surface and thinly roll out dough. Cut out cookies and transfer to a parchment-lined baking sheet. Bake for approx. 10 min., then let cool completely.
I66.6	Beat cooled down chocolate cream again and transfer to a piping bag. Pipe cream over half of the cookies. Top with remaining cookies and press gently to seal. Enjoy!
R67	lamb-with-mashed-wild-garlic-potatoes-and-chorizo-cassoulet	10
I67.1	Soak white beans in cold water overnight, then drain. Heat up a pot with slightly salted water. Add beans and cook on medium heat for approx. 50 – 60 min., or until beans are softened and start to burst. Set aside.
I67.2	Peel potatoes and cut into quarters. Cook in salted water on medium-high heat for approx. 20 – 25 min. until softened. Drain and mash with a potato ricer. Set aside.
I67.3	While potatoes boil, prepare wild garlic pesto. Toast pine nuts in a clean frying pan on medium-high heat for approx. 2 – 3 min. Add sunflower oil, pine nuts, and Parmesan to food processor and blend to combine. Chop wild garlic and add to food processor. Blend until a soft mixture is formed. If desired, add more sunflower oil until pesto is creamy. Season with salt and pepper. Set aside.
I67.4	Remove tomato stem and slice crosswise on the opposite side with a knife. Trim ends of Kenya green beans and flat beans. Next, cut beans into bite-sized pieces. In a large saucepan, bring water to a simmer and add salt. Blanch tomatoes for approx. 3 – 5 sec. Transfer to an ice bath immediately after, then drain. Repeat this step with both beans, blanching each for approx. 2 – 3 min. Afterward, drain through a sieve and transfer to ice bath. Set aside.
I67.5	Peel tomatoes and cut into quarters. Remove core and dice. Peel and finely dice shallot. Finely dice chorizo. Remove half of thyme leaves from sprigs and chop.
I67.6	Preheat oven to 180°C/355°F.  Trim rack of lamb, making sure to remove any silver skin and unnecessary fat, so that bones are cleaned. Lightly season with salt and pepper. Heat sunflower oil in a frying pan on medium-high heat and sear rack of lamb from all sides for approx. 1 min. each. Transfer to oven rack and bake in oven for approx. 10 – 12 min. Remove from oven and let rest.
I67.7	For the cassoulet, fry shallots and chorizo dices in a frying pan on medium heat. Drain white beans. Add blanched flat and Kenya green beans to pan and heat for approx. 2 min. Add tomatoes and chopped thyme and season with butter, salt, and pepper. Finally add white beans and keep simmering on low heat to keep cassoulet warm.
I67.8	For mashed potatoes, heat milk and some of the butter in a small saucepan. Season with nutmeg and salt. Add milk mixture little by little to potatoes until creamy. Stir in wild garlic pesto and keep warm on low heat.
I67.9	Prepare infused butter right before serving. To do so, melt butter in a small saucepan on medium heat. Add crushed garlic and remaining thyme. Coat racks of lamb in it just before serving.
I67.10	Arrange mashed wild garlic potatoes on a serving plate. Top with cassoulet. Slice lamb and place on top. Drizzle infused butter over everything. Enjoy!
R68	brazilian-inspired-feijoada	9
I68.1	Add black beans to a bowl. Cover with plenty of water and allow to soak for approx. 8 – 10 hrs.
I68.2	Drain beans, rinse, and set aside. Slice sausages. Cut smoked pork chop and pork belly into cubes. Cut beef into pieces.
I68.3	Finely mince garlic. Dice onion.
I68.4	Heat vegetable oil in a large saucepan. Add beef and fry for approx. 4 – 6 min. over medium heat until lightly browned. Add tomato paste and continue to roast. Then, deglaze with red wine and continue to cook until liquid is reduced by one third.
I68.5	Season with salt and pepper and pour in water. Add bay leaf, bring to a simmer and allow to cook for approx. 25 – 30 min.
I68.6	Add black beans, smoked pork chop, pork belly, and sausages. Continue to simmer over medium-low heat for approx. 45 – 60 min. until beans are cooked through and the sauce has slightly thickened.
I68.7	Shortly before serving, add manioc flour to a large, grease-free saucepan and roast over medium-low heat until lightly browned. Set aside.
I68.8	Add one third of the butter to a frying pan. Add onions and garlic and sauté for approx. 3 – 4 min. over medium heat until translucent. Then add roasted manioc flour and stir to combine. Continue to cook for approx. 1 – 2 min.
I68.9	Transfer manioc flour and onions to a bowl. Knead in remaining butter using your hands. Serve Feijoada with buttered manioc flour and fresh orange slices.
R69	british-shepherds-pie	6
I69.1	Preheat oven to 200°C/ 392°F. Finely chop onion, garlic, and thyme leaves. Peel carrot and cut into fine dice. Cut celery into fine dice.
I69.2	Heat some olive oil and sear ground lamb for approx. 2 – 3 min., breaking it up with a cooking spoon. Add onion, garlic, thyme, carrots, and celery and fry for approx. 5 – 8 min. Season well with salt and pepper.
I69.3	Add tomato paste and fry for approx. 1 – 2 min. Then, add flour and stir constantly for approx.  2 – 3 min.
I69.4	Add chicken stock and let simmer over medium heat for approx. 10 – 12 min.
I69.5	Place meat into a large ovenproof dish and spread mashed potatoes evenly on top.
I69.6	Top with parmesan and bake in preheated oven at 200°C/ 390°F for approx. 20 – 25 min. until golden.
R70	roast-duck-with-red-cabbage-and-new-potatoes	7
I70.1	Preheat oven to 180°C/350°F. Cut onions and garlic cloves into fine rings. Score skin of duck breast.
I70.2	In a large saucepan, cook potatoes in salted water over medium heat for approx. 10 - 15 min. Drain and peel potatoes, then return to pan and sauté in half of butter and some of veal stock for approx. 3 - 5 min. Remove from heat, cover, and set aside. Add freshly chopped parsley right before serving.
I70.3	In a large saucepan, heat up red cabbage over medium heat for approx. 8 – 10 min. Remove from heat, cover, and set aside.
I70.4	In a large frying pan, sear skin side of duck breast in vegetable oil over medium-high heat for approx. 1 – 2 min. Reduce heat and sear other side for approx. 1 min. Remove duck from pan, add onion rings and garlic and briefly sweat; return duck breast to pan and place on top. Transfer pan to preheated oven and bake at 180°C/350°F for another 5 – 6 min.
I70.5	Remove frying pan from oven. Transfer duck breasts, onions, and garlic to aluminum foil. Wrap tightly and return to switched off oven for approx. 10 – 15 min.
I70.6	For the sauce: zest one third of oranges and set aside. Add juice and flesh from oranges to a small saucepan and cook over medium heat until reduced by half.
I70.7	When orange juice is reduced by half, add rest of stock and continue to cook for another approx. 3 – 5 min. Add rest of butter and Cointreau and whisk constantly until sauce has thickened. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Cut duck breast into thin slices and serve on top of orange sauce with cabbage and potatoes. Enjoy!
R71	colorful-quinoa-bowl	5
I71.1	Preheat oven to 200°C/400°F. Peel sweet potato and cut into sticks. Chop rosemary. Transfer potatoes to a parchment-lined baking tray. Season with salt, top with rosemary, and drizzle with olive oil. Bake for approx. 30 min.
I71.2	Meanwhile, finely chop chives and slice half of the lemon. Cut broccoli into bitesize pieces. Remove the avocado stone and shell. Cut into strips. Halve cherry tomatoes. Chop cucumber and carrots into sticks.
I71.3	Rinse quinoa in a sieve under cold running water and drain. Add water and salt to taste to small saucepan and bring to a boil over medium heat. Add quinoa and cook for approx. 15 min. Fill another small pan with water and salt to taste and bring to a boil. Add broccoli and cook for approx. 5 - 10 min. until tender but still firm to the bite. Drain water and set aside.
I71.4	For the topping, combine cream cheese, chives, salt, and pepper in small bowl.
I71.5	Add quinoa to a serving bowl and top with prepared vegetables. Drizzle with quark mixture and lemon juice. Enjoy!
R72	chinese-tea-eggs	6
I72.1	For the seasoning salt, grind sea salt, black sesame, pepper, and a part of the sugar in a mortar and pestle.
I72.2	Place eggs in boiling water and cook for approx. 8 - 9 min.
I72.3	Transfer eggs to a bowl of cold water.
I72.4	Once eggs have cooled, gently crack eggshells with the back of a spoon and set aside.
I72.5	For the marinade, bring water, soy sauce, tea, remaining sugar, ginger, cinnamon, star anise, and bay leaf to a boil in the saucepan and let simmer for approx. 10 min.
I72.6	Transfer eggs to marinade and simmer for approx. 20 – 30 min. Let steep in marinade for at least 60 min. or ideally overnight. Carefully peel eggs. Halve if desired. Sprinkle with seasoning salt before serving.
R73	mango-lassi	4
I73.1	Peel and cut mangoes into cubes.
I73.2	Add mangoes, ice cubes, cold water, honey, and yogurt to blender.
I73.3	Blend on high until smooth, approx. 2 – 3 min.
I73.4	Add coconut milk and blend to combine, approx. 1 – 2 min. Enjoy immediately.
R75	homemade-ginger-ale	2
I75.1	Bring water and sugar to a boil in a large saucepan over high heat. Grate ginger into pan and cook for approx. 1 – 2 min.
I75.2	Peel and juice limes and oranges and add everything to pan. Remove from heat and allow to cool overnight. Remove citrus peels before serving. Enjoy!
R76	superfood-salad	3
I76.1	Cook quinoa in water for approx. 10 min. according to package instructions. Roughly chop walnuts and dried tomatoes.
I76.2	For the dressing, mix plant-based yogurt alternative, olive oil and cider vinegar in a small bowl. Season with salt and pepper to taste.
I76.3	Combine cooked quinoa with baby leaf spinach, chopped walnuts and dried tomatoes in a serving bowl. Top with dressing and chia seeds. enjoy!
R77	chocolate-rum-dessert	7
I77.1	Preheat oven to 150°C/300°F. In a small saucepan, bring cream to a boil over medium-low heat. Then, add chocolate to a large bowl and pour cream on top. Whisk until chocolate is melted and well incorporated. Using a food thermometer make sure chocolate has cooled down to 35°C/70°F before continuing. Add butter and rum and continue to whisk until ganache is smooth and even.
I77.2	Pour ganache into a parchment paper lined baking form. Transfer to fridge for approx. 1 – 2 hrs. until ganache is chilled and set.
I77.3	Place einkorn wheat berries on a parchment paper lined baking sheet and bake in preheated oven at 150°C/300°F for approx. 8 – 10 min. Remove from oven and set aside. Caramelize part of the sugar in a small saucepan over medium heat. Add einkorn, quinoa, and taco seasoning to caramelized sugar and stir thoroughly until well mixed.
I77.4	Evenly spread the einkorn and quinoa confection mixture over a parchment paper-lined baking sheet.
I77.5	Peel tomatillos and cut into small to medium sized pieces. In a small saucepan, caramelize remainder of sugar over medium heat, add tomatillos, and mix thoroughly. Reduce heat to low and cook for approx. 10 – 15 min. until compote has thickened. Leave to cool, then transfer to piping bag.
I77.6	In a large measuring cup, blend together avocado, lemon juice, yogurt, powdered sugar, and salt using a hand blender. Transfer to piping bag.
I77.7	Remove ganache from fridge. Cut into serving pieces. Decorate plate with tomatillo compote, avocado crème, and einkorn and quinoa confection. Enjoy!
R78	strawberry-crumb-cake	4
I78.1	Preheat oven to 180°C/350°F. Butter the baking pan and line with parchment paper, letting a couple of inches hang over the sides for easy cake removal from the pan later. Butter the parchment paper lightly, too. To make the crumb topping, whisk together sugar, flour, oats, and salt. Add butter and use your fingers or a food processor to pulse until large clumps form. Refrigerate until ready to use.
I78.2	To make the strawberry layer, roughly chop strawberries. Combine strawberries, sugar, and flour in a large bowl. Set aside.
I78.3	For the cake, split and scrape the vanilla bean. Whisk together flour, baking powder, salt, and vanilla bean seeds. In a separate bowl or the bowl of a stand mixer, beat together butter and sugar until light and fluffy. Add the eggs one at a time, beating well after each addition. Stir in flour mixture until combined.
I78.4	Transfer batter to prepared pan, spread strawberry mixture over it, then top with crumb topping. Bake for approx. 50 min., or until golden and a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean. Let cool completely before slicing. Enjoy!
R79	plum-thyme-upside-down-cake	5
I79.1	Heat oven to 175°C/350°F.  Place some of the butter in pan and place it in oven until butter melts, approx. 5 min. Remove pan from the oven, swirl butter around the pan, and sprinkle brown sugar over it evenly. Meanwhile, pit and slice plums and chop thyme.
I79.2	Arrange plum slices over brown sugar in concentric circles so that bottom of pan is covered in a single layer.
I79.3	Whisk together flour, baking powder, baking soda, salt, and chopped thyme and set aside. In another large bowl, cream remaining butter with remaining sugars and lemon zest. Add eggs one at a time, beating well after each, until mixture is light and fluffy. Stir in vanilla extract.
I79.4	Mix in half of flour mixture, then add half of crème fraîche and mix until just combined. Repeat until all flour and crème fraîche is incorporated. Pour batter into cake pan and spread it evenly over plums. Transfer to preheated oven and bake at 175°C/350°F until a toothpick inserted into center of the cake comes out clean and center is set, approx. 40 to 50 min.
I79.5	Cool cake in pan for no more than 10 - 15 min., then invert onto a wire cooling rack to cool before serving.  Enjoy!
R80	banana-ragu-with-yogurt-amaretti-cream	4
I80.1	Boil the banana juice with half of sugar and vanilla seeds for approx. 3 – 5 min. until it thickens slightly. Remove from the stove and allow to cool.
I80.2	Peel the banana and cut into small cubes.
I80.3	Season the stock with chilled Grand Marnier and a pinch of salt. Next, add the banana pieces and allow them to marinate for approx. 5 – 7 min.
I80.4	Mix yogurt with chocolate sprinkles and the rest of the sugar. Fill the yogurt cream into serving glasses, pour the banana ragu on top, and serve with a garnish of amaretti crumbs.
R81	panettone	7
I81.1	In a small saucepan, combine raisins, rum, and water. Bring to a simmer, stir well, then remove from heat and leave to plump and absorb the liquid as they cool.  Slice candied orange peel and split and scrape the vanilla bean; set aside.
I81.2	Heat milk in a small saucepan on low heat until lukewarm, then crumble yeast over it and add a pinch of sugar. Stir until yeast is dissolved, then cover and set aside until milk turns foamy, approx. 5 minutes.
I81.3	Add flour, remaining sugar, salt, citrus zests, vanilla bean seeds, and nutmeg to bowl of a stand mixer. Stir until combined.
I81.4	In a separate bowl, lightly beat the eggs, then add to the flour mixture. Turn mixer on low and slowly stream in milk. Increase speed to medium-low and mix until combined, then add some of the butter a tbsp. at a time. Mix until incorporated.
I81.5	Turn dough out onto a floured surface and knead for approx. 10 min. until smooth and elastic. Form into a ball, place in a lightly floured bowl, and cover with plastic wrap. Leave in a warm place to rise until doubled in size, approx. 1.5 hrs.
I81.6	Drain raisins and combine with candied orange peel. Turn risen dough onto lightly floured surface, knead for approx. 1 min., then knead in raisins and candied orange peel until evenly distributed. Form dough into a smooth ball and place in mold. Cover loosely with plastic wrap and leave to rise in a warm place for approx. 2 hrs.
I81.7	Meanwhile, preheat oven to 175°C/350°F. Use a sharp serrated knife to score an ‘X’ over the top of the panettone, then place the last tbsp. of butter in the center. Place panettone mold on baking sheet and bake for approx. 45 – 55  min., or until a wooden skewer inserted in the center comes out slightly moist but not wet. If the top of the panettone browns too quickly, tent with aluminum foil. Place panettone on wire rack to cool completely. Slice and serve with a dusting of powdered sugar. Enjoy!
R82	beetroot-carpaccio-with-salmon-tartare-and-wasabi-cream	6
I82.1	For the wasabi cream, add crème fraîche, wasabi paste, and some lime juice to a small bowl. Stir to combine. Season with salt and pepper. Refrigerate for approx. 15 min.
I82.2	For the beetroot carpaccio, finely slice beets, using a mandoline. In a small bowl, whisk together rice vinegar, olive oil, and honey. Season vinaigrette with salt and cayenne pepper. Set aside.
I82.3	For the salmon tartare, finely dice salmon filet and shallots. Chop chives. Combine salmon, shallots, chives, some lime juice, and olive oil in a bowl. Season with salt, pepper, and cayenne pepper. Set aside.
I82.4	Arrange beetroot slices in a circle on serving plates. Place salmon tartare in the center, using a serving ring, and press down carefully. Spread wasabi cream on top. Carefully remove the serving ring.
I82.5	Garnish with garden cress and drizzle vinaigrette on top.
I82.6	Enjoy!
R83	turkey-burger-with-apricot-chutney	4
I83.1	For the chutney, wash, dry and halve apricots. Remove stones and dice into fine cubes. Grate ginger and finely chop shallots. Slice Camembert, wash arugula and set aside.
I83.2	Heat butter in a large pot over medium-high heat and sauté shallots and ginger for approx. 2 – 3 min. Add brown sugar and cook for approx. 2 – 3 min., until caramalized. Add apricots and stir to coat. Add white wine vinegar and leave to simmer over medium heat for approx. 25 min., or until apricots has disintegrated and liquid has greatly reduced. Set aside and let cool.
I83.3	In the meantime, finely chop garlic and onion and mix with ground turkey. Add some of the olive oil and mustard and mix until combined. Season with salt and pepper. Shape into burger patties of equal size.
I83.4	Fry burger patties in a large pan with the remaining olive oil over medium-high heat for approx. 5 – 6 min. on each side. Toast burger buns, then top with arugula, turkey patties, Camembert, and chutney. Enjoy!
R84	strawberry-and-blackberry-popsicles	4
I84.1	In a large bowl, whisk together yogurt, confectioner’s sugar, and lemon juice. Evenly distribute 1 - 2 tbsp of the yogurt mixture among popsicle molds.
I84.2	Next, divide the remainder of the yogurt mixture into two equal halves. Add strawberries to one half and blackberries to the other. Puree until smooth.
I84.3	Now, evenly divide the strawberry yogurt mixture among half of popsicle molds and the blackberry yogurt mixture among the rest of the molds. Place one popsicle stick in each mold and then transfer to freezer. Allow to set until frozen, approx. 4 - 5 hours.
I84.4	Enjoy as a light snack or for dessert!
R85	pan-roasted-brussels-sprouts	2
I85.1	Peel and finely dice carrot and celery root. Remove parsley leaves from stems and cut into thin strips. Clean Brussels sprouts by slicing off base and removing any discolored leaves. Either slice very thinly at a right angle to the base or peel off leaves one by one.
I85.2	Sauté Brussels sprouts, carrot, celery, and sugar in some vegetable oil over medium heat for approx. 8 – 10 min. until nicely browned. Add parsley. Season to taste with salt, pepper, and nutmeg.
R86	stuffed-bell-peppers	6
I86.1	Finely chop onion and garlic into small pieces. Chop marjoram and parsley. Cut peppers in halve and remove core with help of a spoon. Preheat oven to 160°C/320°F.
I86.2	Mix ground beef with half of the onions, as well as the garlic, pine nuts, mustard, egg, and breadcrumbs in a large bowl. Season with paprika and salt and pepper to taste.
I86.3	Stuff halved peppers with ground beef mixture and sauté in a frying pan for approx. 2 – 3 min. on all sides.
I86.4	Remove peppers from frying pan and sauté the remaining half of onions until golden brown. Add tomato paste and deglaze pan with red wine. Allow to reduce.
I86.5	Return bell peppers to frying pan, then add vegetable stock. Transfer to oven and bake for approx. 30 min. at 160°C/320°F. In the meantime, add rice, water, and salt to a medium pot and bring to boil.
I86.6	Once the peppers have softened, remove from pan, then simmer sauce to thicken if necessary.  Serve with rice and enjoy!
R87	curried-carrot-and-pumpkin-soup	6
I87.1	Toast pumpkin seeds with a pinch of salt in a frying pan over medium heat until fragrant. Set aside.
I87.2	Preheat oven to 180°C/350°F. Peel onions and chop coarsely, then peel and halve carrots lengthwise. Cut open chili, scrape out seeds, and chop. Separate approx. half of the sage. Place the pumpkin half and carrots in a baking dish or ovenproof frying pan.
I87.3	Place some butter inside pumpkin. Sprinkle pumpkin and carrots with the onions, half of the sage leaves, chili, cane sugar and salt to taste. Roast for approx. 40 min. at 180°C/350°F.
I87.4	Remove vegetables from oven and let cool slightly. In a medium pot over medium heat, melt remaining butter with curry powder and a pinch of salt. Add oven-roasted vegetables and fry for approx. 1 – 2 min., stirring and mashing with spatula.
I87.5	Deglaze with coconut milk, then add vinegar. Add lemon zest and juice to pot, along with remaining chopped sage leaves, and bring to a boil.
I87.6	Turn off heat and stir in yogurt. With a hand blender, blend mixture until creamy. Serve with toasted pumpkin seeds and cilantro to taste. Enjoy!
R88	chicken-zucchini-couscous-salad	7
I88.1	Allow couscous to stand and cook in boiled water, according to package instructions, and set aside.
I88.2	Halve zucchini and cut into sticks. Finely chop rosemary and halve cherry tomatoes.
I88.3	Flatten chicken fillets and coat them lightly with some flour and the chopped rosemary.
I88.4	Toast cashews without oil in a small frying pan for approx. 2 – 3 min. until golden brown.
I88.5	Heat some olive oil in a frying pan and fry zucchini on all sides for approx. 8 – 10 min. until tender. Remove from pan and set aside.
I88.6	Add a little more oil in the same pan and fry chicken in it for approx. 2 – 3 min. per side until golden brown. Season with salt and pepper and sprinkle with some lemon juice.
I88.7	For the vinaigrette, combine olive oil, vinegar, mustard, honey, and salt and pepper. In a large bowl, toss couscous with zucchini, tomatoes, arugula, and cashews. Dress with vinaigrette and serve with sautéed chicken on top.
R89	eggs-florentine	6
I89.1	To set up a double boiler, add some water to a large saucepan and bring to a simmer. Place a heat-resistant bowl on top of the saucepan. Add egg yolks and white wine to bowl and whisk together until sauce begins to thicken and become creamy.
I89.2	In a small saucepan, melt butter.
I89.3	In a slow and consistent stream, add melted butter to egg yolks and whisk until sauce has thickened and doubled in volume.
I89.4	Remove bowl from heat and add some Tabasco to taste, along with salt, pepper, and lemon juice. Stir thoroughly until sauce has a smooth consistency.
I89.5	In a large saucepan, bring some water to a boil. Add some white wine vinegar, bay leave, and juniper berries. Reduce water to a simmer. Poach eggs for approx. 3 - 5 min. Carefully remove from water and set aside.
I89.6	Cut bread roll in half. Spread a dollop of Hollandaise onto both sides. Layer bread with spinach, salmon, and egg. Top off with more Hollandaise. Enjoy!
R90	berlin-inspired-red-berry-compote	2
I90.1	Cook maple syrup with cinnamon stick, cloves, star anise, cardamom, vanilla bean seeds, and lime and orange zest. Deglaze pan with red wine and reduce to medium heat for approx. 3 – 5  min.
I90.2	Bind the boiled mixture with cornstarch and pour it through a wire strainer onto the frozen berries. Remove the strainer and put the compote into small bowls to chill for at least 1 hour. Garnish with mint and serve with warm vanilla sauce.
R91	crepes-suzette	6
I91.1	Melt butter and allow to cool slightly. Then, beat together with the eggs, vanilla sugar, Grand Marnier, and milk. Strain the flour and a pinch of salt into the mixture and stir in. Allow the mixture to chill for approx. 30 – 35  min.
I91.2	Meanwhile, zest one orange and fillet both.
I91.3	Caramelize sugar in a pan. Deglaze with orange juice and bring to a boil for approx. 5 - 10 min. until the juice has thickened.
I91.4	Next, stir in remaining butter until a velvety sauce is formed.
I91.5	Now, fry the Crêpes as thinly as possible in a hot pan with some butter for approx. 1 – 2 min. per side until golden.
I91.6	Warm the cooked Crêpe in the orange sauce. Add the orange segments and orange zest. Fold if desired and serve warm.
R92	banana-bread-porridge-bowl	5
I92.1	Toast walnuts. Set aside. Place half the banana in a small pot and use a wooden spoon to roughly mash.
I92.2	Add milk, water, pinch salt, maple syrup, cinnamon, and nutmeg to pan and bring to a simmer over medium heat.
I92.3	Stir in oats and cook for approx. 1 – 2 min., stirring constantly.
I92.4	Remove from heat, stir in vanilla extract, and transfer to a serving bowl.
I92.5	Slice remaining banana half and garnish porridge along with toasted walnuts, raisins and a drizzle of honey.
R93	perch-filet-with-savoy-cabbage	4
I93.1	Preheat oven 180°C/355°F. Finely dice carrot, onion, and chili. Mince garlic. Roughly chop cabbage. Cut perch into portion-sized pieces.
I93.2	Arrange cabbage on a parchment paper-lined baking sheet. Drizzle with vegetable oil. Sprinkle sea salt on top. Bake in preheated oven at 180°C/355°F for approx. 10 – 15 min. until crispy.
I93.3	In a large saucepan, sauté garlic, carrot, and onion in butter over medium heat for approx. 3 – 5 min. until translucent. Then, add rest of the cabbage, mustard seed, mustard, and vegetable stock. Stir well. Continue to cook for another 5 – 10 min until cabbage is tender.
I93.4	In a large frying pan, sauté perch in some vegetable oil over medium heat for approx. 1 – 3 min. per side. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Serve perch on a bed of sautéed cabbage and garnish with crispy cabbage leaves. Enjoy!
R94	stuffed-baked-apples-with-red-onion-chutney	6
I94.1	Preheat oven to 180°C/350°F. Cut off the top of each apple to form a lid. Scoop out the core with a spoon. Replace lids, place apples into a baking dish, and bake for approx. 10 – 15 min. Remove from oven.
I94.2	Increase oven temperature to 200°C/400°F. Cut onions into rings. Mince garlic.
I94.3	In a frying pan, sauté onions in some vegetable oil on medium-low heat for approx. 5 – 7 min. Add garlic, cayenne pepper, and star anise and continue to sauté for approx. 1 – 2 min.
I94.4	Deglaze pan with red wine. Add vinegar and gently simmer for approx. 10 – 12 min. until liquid is reduced by half and thickened. Season with salt and pepper.
I94.5	In the meantime, peel potatoes, halving any large ones. Cook in salted, boiling water for approx. 20 – 30 min. until tender. Drain well. Return hot potatoes to pan, mash with a potato masher, and season to taste with salt. Add butter, milk, and nutmeg and mash until smooth.
I94.6	Fill mashed potatoes into a piping bag and pipe an even amount of the filling into each apple. Replace lids. Bake in a preheated oven at 200°C/400°F for approx. 10 – 15 min. Serve draped with onion chutney.
R95	linzer-torte	4
I95.1	Preheat oven to 175°C/350°F. Grease tart pan with butter. Blend hazelnuts, flour, lemon zest, cinnamon, cloves, sugar, and salt in food processor until nuts are finely ground and ingredients are combined. Add butter and egg and pulse until a soft dough forms.
I95.2	Turn dough out onto a lightly floured surface and knead a couple of times until the dough is smooth. Reserve a third of the dough for the topping and press the remaining dough evenly into tart pan, making sure to press it up the sides and into corners.
I95.3	Spread jam over the dough evenly.
I95.4	On a lightly floured surface, roll remaining dough out until 0.5-cm/0.25-inch thick. Cut strips of dough and arrange as a lattice or in any decorative pattern atop the jam. Mix together egg yolk with water until smooth. Brush crust with egg wash, then bake in preheated oven at 175°C/350°F for approx. 35 – 45 min., or until crust is golden brown and the jam is bubbling.
R96	quick-pumpkin-from-the-pan	5
I96.1	Finely dice onion and cube pumpkin.
I96.2	In a small bowl, soak raisins in rum. Set aside for approx. 10 – 15 min.
I96.3	Sauté pumpkin for approx. 3 – 5 min in some vegetable oil. Then, add onions and continue to sauté until translucent. Deglaze with white balsamic vinegar. In 2 - 3 editions, pour in vegetable stock. Bring to a simmer and cook on low-medium heat for approx. 10 – 15 min. until just tender.
I96.4	Add soaked raisins to warm pumpkin and season to taste with nutmeg, salt and pepper.
I96.5	Just before serving, add pumpkin seeds and rocket. Gently stir to combine. Enjoy with a drizzle of pumpkin seed oil.
R97	berry-crumble	11
I97.1	Add flour, oats, butter, some of the sugar, and vanilla sugar to a large bowl.
I97.2	Zest orange and lemon over bowl.
I97.3	Roughly mix crumble topping using your hands.
I97.4	Caramelize remaining sugar in a large saucepan over medium-low heat until sugar is melted and golden, approx. 4 – 7 min.
I97.5	Deglaze with red wine, bring to a simmer, and continue to simmer over medium-low heat.
I97.6	Scrape a vanilla bean and add bean and seeds to saucepan.  Then, add cherry juice and cinnamon stick. Place star anise and cloves in a tea strainer and submerge in liquid.
I97.7	Preheat oven to 180°C (350°F). Zest lemon and orange into saucepan.
I97.8	Juice half of orange and half of lemon and pour juice into saucepan. Bring to a boil and continue boiling until liquid is reduced by half, approx. 8 – 10 min. Remove spices. In a small bowl, mix cornstarch with water until well combined. Gradually pour into saucepan while whisking continuously. Remove from heat.
I97.9	Add mixed berries.
I97.10	Lightly grease pie form. Spoon berry mixture into the bottom of a pie form.
I97.11	Evenly distribute crumble topping over berries. Bake in a preheated oven at 180°C (350°F) until topping is golden, approx. 23 – 25 min. Enjoy warm with vanilla sauce, whipped cream or ice cream.
R98	naturally-sweet-pumpkin-squares	5
I98.1	Preheat oven to 180°C/350°F. Grease square baking dish with coconut oil or line with parchment paper. Add oats and pumpkin seeds to food processor and pulse for approx. 20 – 30 sec. to form a flour. Add coconut oil, some maple syrup, and a pinch of salt, and pulse for approx. 10 – 20 sec. more.
I98.2	Transfer pumpkin mixture to greased baking dish and press in firmly to form a crust. Pay attention to the corners, making sure that the crust sticks together. Bake in preheated oven at 180°C/350°F for approx. 10 min.
I98.3	In the meantime, whisk together remaining maple syrup and ground chia seeds in a small bowl for the pumpkin filling. Add almond milk, stir to combine, and let sit for approx. 10 min., until the mixture thickens.
I98.4	Split and scrape the vanilla bean. Add vanilla seeds to food processor together with pumpkin purée, coconut milk, coconut sugar, freshly grated ginger, ground ginger, cinnamon, nutmeg, cloves, and a pinch of salt. Pulse until creamy. Add prepared chia mixture and stir to combine.
I98.5	Remove crust from oven, pour in pumpkin filling, and smooth. Bake in preheated oven at 180°C for approx. 40 – 45 min., or until golden brown. Allow to cool completely on cooling rack. Refrigerate for approx. 6 – 8 hrs. or overnight.Refrigerate canned coconut milk for at least 6 hrs. or overnight. Flip can over so that the coconut water comes to the top. Open can, pour out coconut water, scrape out white coconut cream, and beat together with some agave syrup until fluffy.Cut pie into squares, serve with whipped cream, and garnish with nuts. Enjoy!
R99	camembert-in-filo-dough-with-grape-chutney	4
I99.1	Wash and halve grapes. Wash lamb’s lettuce. Cut Camembert into 4 slices.
I99.2	In a small bowl, mix starch with water to make a slurry, then set aside. Add sugar to a small saucepan over medium-high heat. Without stirring, let sugar slowly melt for approx. 5 min. until it caramelizes. Deglaze with white wine, then stir until sugar dissolves. Add star anise and rosemary and let simmer for approx. 3 min. Afterwards, remove star anise and rosemary. Stir in slurry. Add grape halves, then keep saucepan warm on low heat.
I99.3	Brush each pastry sheet with egg white. Transfer one slice of Camembert onto each sheet. Fold pastry until all sides of cheese are covered.
I99.4	Add vegetable oil to a frying pan set over medium-high heat and heat for approx. 2 min. Fry pastry-wrapped camembert on each side for approx. 20 – 30 sec. until golden brown. Serve camembert with lamb’s lettuce and grape chutney. Enjoy!
R100	roasted-chicken	6
I100.1	Preheat oven to 200°C/ 390°F. Cut potatoes, carrots, onions, and apple into 1 cm dice.
I100.2	Now, marinate potato, carrot, onion, and apple dices with olive oil, salt, and pepper.
I100.3	Finely chop garlic, rosemary, and thyme.
I100.4	Combine chopped herbs, sweet paprika powder, olive oil, salt, and pepper in a small bowl to create a marinade.
I100.5	Brush chicken with the marinade on the inside and outside. Fill the cavity with previously marinated vegetables.
I100.6	Place chicken in a baking dish and arrange the remainder of the vegetables around the chicken. Cook covered with aluminum foil in a preheated oven at 200°C/400°F for approx. 40 – 50 min. Then uncover and finish cooking at 170°C/335°F for approx. 30 min.
R101	moonlight-smoothie	3
I101.1	Cut pineapple and honeydew melon into slices.
I101.2	Add melon and pineapple slices, oat milk, honey, buttermilk and oats to blender.
I101.3	Blend all ingredients until smooth for approx. 2 - 3 min. Enjoy immediately.
R102	sriracha-lime-glazed-salmon	5
I102.1	Peel and finely chop garlic. Whisk together lime zest, lime juice, honey, Sriracha, and garlic in small bowl. Reserve half of the mixture.
I102.2	Season salmon with salt and pepper. Brush with some of the sriracha mixture.
I102.3	Preheat oven to 220°C/425°F. Heat oil in large ovenproof frying pan over medium-high heat. Once oil starts to shimmer, add salmon, flesh side-down. Fry for approx. 1 min. or until golden. Flip over. Brush with more of the Sriracha mixture.
I102.4	Transfer to oven in frying pan and bake at 220°C/425°F for approx. 10 min., brushing with Sriracha mixture halfway through. The salmon is done when it flakes easily when tested with a fork.
I102.5	Drizzle with reserved Sriracha mixture. Sprinkle with sesame seeds and green onions. If desired, serve with a side of steamed bok choy. Enjoy!
R103	mediterranean-bruschetta-with-prawns	5
I103.1	Finely chop black olives, capers, dried tomatoes, and basil.
I103.2	Combine feta with yogurt, then fold in olives, capers, dried tomatoes, chopped basil, and add olive oil. Stir to combine and season with salt and pepper.
I103.3	Cut baguette into slices and brush with olive oil and garlic. Heat frying pan and toast baguette slices on medium-high heat on both sides approx. 2 – 3 min. each, or until golden brown. Take out and set aside.
I103.4	Heat olive oil in pan, add prawns, season with salt, and fry on both sides for approx. 1 – 2 min. Add lemon juice, rosemary, and garlic and fry for approx. 1 min. Remove from heat.
I103.5	Spread feta cream on toasted baguette slices, top with fried prawns, and serve with more basil. Enjoy!
R104	fried-salmon-on-baby-leaf-salad	4
I104.1	Preheat the oven to 100°C/350°F. Season salmon with salt and pepper. Then, in a frying pan, sear salmon in some vegetable oil over medium-high heat for approx. 1 - 2 min. per side. Transfer to oven and bake at 100°C/350°F for approx. 10 min.
I104.2	In the meantime, halve cherry tomatoes.
I104.3	In a large bowl, season tomatoes with olive oil, salt, pepper, and lemon juice.
I104.4	Mix together tomatoes and baby leaf lettuce and transfer to a bowl for serving. Place salmon steak on top of salad. Top everything off with some yogurt and enjoy!
R105	espresso-filled-cookie-cups	7
I105.1	Add butter, sugar, raw cane sugar, salt, vanilla extract, and egg yolk to a mixing bowl and mix by hand or with a spatula until well combined. Add flour and knead until combined and a firm dough has formed.
I105.2	Lightly flour work surface and roll dough out until 3 – 4-mm/1/8-inch thick. Cut out rectangles that are approx. 6 cm/2 1/3 in. high and 19 cm/7.5 in. long. Set aside remaining dough.
I105.3	Wrap dough rectangles around the inside of the metal tins, making sure to seal the seams tightly by overlapping the dough and pushing the two layers together. From the remaining dough, cut out circles the size of the tins to serve as the base of the cookie cups. Press the dough circles into the tins and seal the seams between the bottoms and the walls tightly.
I105.4	Place the cups on a parchment-lined baking sheet and refrigerate for approx. 30 min. Meanwhile, preheat oven to 180°C/350°F. Bake the cups for approx. 10 min., then turn upside-down and bake for approx. 5 - 7 min. more. Leave cookie cups in the tins to cool for approx. 10 min. When fully cooled, they can be carefully taken out of the forms.
I105.5	Set up a double-boiler by placing a heatproof bowl over a small pot of simmering water. Place half of the chocolate in the heatproof bowl and melt. Take off heat once it has reached 50°C/122°F. Set aside. Add rest of chocolate and gently stir.
I105.6	Once the mixture has reached 32°C/90°F, start to glaze the cookie cups with a pastry brush. To make sure the inside of the cups are leak-proof, apply two layers of the chocolate to the insides of the cup. To form the rim, dip the cup into the chocolate and let the excess drip off. If you like, garnish the cups with chocolate sprinkles, chopped almonds, or once the chocolate has dried, with edible gold dust. Transfer cookie cups to refrigerator to chill for approx. 20 min.
I105.7	Once chocolate has set, the cups are ready to be filled with espresso. If you like, top the espresso with milk foam. Enjoy!
R106	vanilla-crescent-cookies	6
I106.1	Preheat oven to 170°C/340°F. In a standing mixer or with a hand mixer beat butter and half the vanilla sugar until pale and fluffy.
I106.2	Mix together flour, ground almonds, and vanilla bean seeds in a bowl.
I106.3	Then, add flour mixture to butter mixture and beat until well combined.
I106.4	Take small portions of the dough (approx. 1 tablespoon) and form cookies by rolling dough into the shape of a half moon.
I106.5	Place cookies on a baking tray leaving enough space between them. Line the tray with baking paper if needed. Bake in a preheated oven at 170°C/340°F for approx. 10 - 15 minutes until golden.
I106.6	Allow to cool. In a small bowl, mix the remaining vanilla sugar and the confectioner’s sugar. Turn cookies in the sugar mixture to coat. Serve with a hot cup of coffee or tea.
R107	hake-with-mussels-and-salsa-verde	5
I107.1	For the salsa verde, blend the parsley, basil, mint, half of the garlic, mustard, capers, anchovies and vegetable oil until a smooth paste is formed. Season with salt and pepper to taste.
I107.2	Bring a pan of salted water to the boil. Cook the eggs for approx. 8 min. until hard-boiled. Meanwhile, finely dice the carrots, celery root, onion and the rest of the garlic. Remove the eggs and set aside. Soak the mussels for approx. 30 min. in cold water, then remove the beards.
I107.3	Heat some vegetable oil in a heavy-bottomed saucepan over a medium heat and sauté the diced vegetables until slightly browned. Add mussels and season with salt and pepper to taste. Deglaze with white wine, cover and simmer over a medium heat for approx. 5 min. Remove the mussels from the saucepan when the majority have floated to the top – discard the ones that do not float, as they are not fresh. Do not discard the broth.
I107.4	Poach the hake in the mussel and wine broth for approx. 10 min. over a low heat.
I107.5	Shortly before the hake is cooked, add the mussels to the pan to warm before serving. To serve, pour over the salsa verde, quarter the hard-boiled eggs and arrange around the hake. Enjoy!
R108	lemonade-with-port	2
I108.1	Peel zest of 2/3 of the lemons and juice all of them. Add peels to a large bowl or pitcher along with the sugar, and let sit for approx. 15 min.
I108.2	Add lemon juice and water and stir until sugar is dissolved. Strain if desired. Let cool, then serve in a longdrink glass with ice. Add Port wine to taste, if you like.
R109	vietnamese-summer-rolls	6
I109.1	Using a spiral slicer, cut carrot into thin strips.
I109.2	Roughly chop Thai basil, cilantro, and mint. Cut tofu into thin rectangles. Cut pepper, onions, and lettuce into strips.
I109.3	Using a grease-free pan, toast nuts over medium-low heat for approx. 3 – 5  min. until fragrant. In a frying pan, sauté tofu in some vegetable oil over medium-high heat for approx. 2 – 3 min. per side or until golden brown. Season with salt and pepper.
I109.4	Dip rice wrappers evenly into water and allow to soak for approx. 1 min.  Gently shake to remove excess water. Set aside on a plate or cutting board.
I109.5	In the middle of the rice wrapper, layer tofu, carrot, pepper, peanuts, sesame seeds, green onions, and chopped herbs. Finish off with a dollop of peanut sauce.
I109.6	In the same way you wrap a tortilla, fold the edges of the rice wrapper towards the center, bring forward the bottom, and roll forward with your thumbs until the roll is tight. Garnish the roll with sesame seeds and serve with a dipping sauce of your choice. Enjoy!
R110	creamy-chicken-enchiladas	3
I110.1	Preheat oven to 175°C/350°F. Combine chicken, cheese, evaporated milk, and bouillon in a large mixing bowl. Divide mixture evenly between tortillas.
I110.2	Roll up the tortillas and place seam-side-down in baking dish.
I110.3	Pour enchilada sauce over tortillas. Sprinkle with additional cheese, if desired. Bake at 175°C/350°F for approx. 20 min. Garnish with chopped green onions to taste.
R111	tomatoes-and-egg	4
I111.1	Cut tomatoes into wedges and slice green onion crosswise.  Crack eggs into a small bowl.
I111.2	Beat eggs with a fork. Then heat some vegetable oil in a frying pan over high heat. Once oil is hot, pour in eggs and stir quickly. Continue to cook until eggs are set, then transfer eggs to a plate and set aside.
I111.3	Add some more vegetable oil to the frying pan, then sauté green onions for 1 - 2 min. Add tomato wedges and season with sugar and salt. Continue to sauté, stirring occasionally, until tomatoes are soft, approx. 5 - 7 min. Return eggs to pan and stir until everything is mixed together and heated.
I111.4	Enjoy with rice or noodles!
R112	overnight-oats-with-three-toppings	5
I112.1	In a large bowl, stir together oats, yogurt, milk, and honey. Cover and chill in refrigerator overnight or at least 2 - 3 hours.
I112.2	For berry topping, heat frozen berries and sugar in a small saucepan over medium heat, stirring occasionally, for approx. 5 - 7 min. until mixture has thickened slightly. Remove from heat. To serve, spoon one third of the oat mixture into a glass and top with berries.
I112.3	For nut topping, chop walnuts and mixed nuts and combine with honey in a small bowl. Stir in one third of the oat mixture and transfer to a serving glass. If desired, top with extra nuts to serve.
I112.4	For cocoa topping, slice banana. Then stir cocoa powder and two thirds of the chocolate shavings into one third of the oat mixture. Transfer to a serving glass and top with banana slices and one third of the chocolate shavings.
I112.5	Enjoy your favorite variation for breakfast or as a snack during the day!
R113	mini-rose-cakes	7
I113.1	Preheat oven to 200°C/400°F. Combine some of the rosewater, flour, ground almonds, baking powder, salt, sugar, some of the yogurt, oil, vinegar, and almond drink in the bowl of a stand mixer.
I113.2	Line a baking tray with parchment paper and grease with oil.
I113.3	Spread batter evenly over baking tray. Softly tap bottom of tray to release air bubbles in batter. Bake for approx. 20 – 25 min. at 200°C/400°F, or until batter is set. Let cool for approx. 15 - 20 Min.
I113.4	Meanwhile, prepare the cream. Mix together plant-based cream cheese alternative, agave syrup, remaining rosewater, and plant-based almond yogurt alternative until combined. Transfer cream to a piping bag fitted with a tip.
I113.5	Cut 16 circles out of slightly cooled cake; try to cut so as to waste as little cake as possible.
I113.6	Place one cake circle in each dessert ring, then pipe approx. 1 tbsp. cream on top of each. Place another cake circle on top and repeat until each ring has four layers of cake circles. Leave the top cake circle bare. Transfer cakes and remaining cream to refrigerator to rest overnight.
I113.7	Carefully loosen the cakes from their rings, using a small knife, if needed. Spread the remaining cream on top of each cake and, if you like, on the sides of the gateaux. Top with dried rosebuds.
R114	whole-grilled-fish	3
I114.1	Preheat the grill. Halve and slice lemon.
I114.2	Remove fins and generously season the cavity with sea salt. Fill each gilthead with a crushed garlic clove, thyme, rosemary, baby spinach and a few slices of lemon.
I114.3	Close giltheads with toothpicks, if required, and brush with olive oil on both side. Season again with salt and pepper. Then, grill on aluminum foil for approx. 10 – 12 min. until golden and crispy. Serve with lemon wedges.
R115	mixed-salad-with-balsamic-honey-mustard-dressing	3
I115.1	Cut cucumber, bell peppers, and romaine heart into bite-sized pieces. Cut carrots into thin strips and radishes into thin medallions. Halve cherry tomatoes. Combine everything in a large bowl.
I115.2	In a small bowl, combine Dijon mustard, honey, vegetable oil, and balsamic vinegar. Season to taste with salt, pepper, and chili flakes. Whisk together until smooth.
I115.3	Pour dressing over the salad, a small amount at a time, and toss until well combined. Enjoy!
R116	zebra-bundt-cake	6
I116.1	Preheat oven to 175°C/350°F. In a small bowl, mix flour, baking powder and salt. In a large bowl, mix part of the sugar with cocoa powder, chocolate malt powder if desired, and water until smooth.
I116.2	Melt butter in a small saucepan. Add molten butter and sugar to a stand mixer and beat approx. 2 – 3 min. until combined. Add vanilla extract. While mixer is running, add eggs one by one until each is incorporated. Turn mixer down and add flour and milk in portions, only mixing as long as it takes to incorporate them.
I116.3	Transfer approx. one third of the dough into a large bowl and combine with chocolate mixture.
I116.4	Grease and flour Bundt pan. Spoon light and dark doughs into pan in alternating layers. Bake in preheated oven at 175°C/350°F for approx. 50 – 60 min. Remove from oven and let cool in the pan for approx. 15 – 20 min. before turning the cake out onto a cooling rack.
I116.5	For the ganache, chop chocolate. Add whipping cream and chocolate to a small saucepan. Stirring constantly, heat until chocolate is molten and ganache is smooth. Set aside and let cool for approx. 10 min. before pouring over the Bundt cake. Sprinkle with chopped, toasted almonds if desired.
I116.6	When chocolate has set, cut into slices and enjoy!
R117	peanut-butter-smoothie	3
I117.1	Peel bananas, break in half, and add to blender.
I117.2	Add yogurt, peanut butter, ice cubes, vanilla extract, and a pinch of cinnamon to blender. Season to taste with lemon juice. Pour in milk.
I117.3	Blend on high until creamy, approx. 2 – 3 min. Serve cold and enjoy!
R118	stewed-chicken-with-chestnut-and-shiitake	5
I118.1	Place shiitake mushrooms in a small bowl, cover with boiling water and let soak for approx. 20 min. In the meantime, cut up the chicken, halving the breasts so that they are approximately the same size as the other pieces. Set aside. Thinly slice ginger. Cut green onions and carrots into bite-sized pieces. Drain mushrooms – reserving the soaking liquid – remove stems, and cut large caps in half.
I118.2	Add vegetable oil and sugar to a large saucepan. Cook over medium heat until a dark caramel forms. Add chicken pieces and sauté for approx. 1 – 2 min. until browned.
I118.3	Add green onions, ginger, star anise, and rock candy to saucepan.
I118.4	Add white wine as well as light and dark soy sauces to saucepan. Stir to coat chicken and vegetables, cover with a lid, and let cook for approx. 1 – 2 min.
I118.5	Add shiitake mushrooms, carrots, chestnuts, and reserved mushroom soaking liquid. Once the mixture has come to a boil, turn down to a low heat and cover with a lid. Let simmer for approx. 25 – 30 min., stirring occasionally, until the chicken is cooked and carrots are tender. Serve over rice. Enjoy!
R119	puff-pastry-with-blue-cheese-and-figs	3
I119.1	Preheat the oven to 180°C/350°F. Cut 6 rings out of the puff pastry and place onto a lined baking tray. Gently prick the surface of the pastry with a fork.
I119.2	Whisk the egg yolk with water and brush the pastry with it. Bake until golden brown, according to package instructions. In a bowl, mix sugar with orange juice and zest, cinnamon, and honey.
I119.3	Quarter figs and place them in a baking dish. Pour the prepared orange juice mixture over the figs and add thyme, and salt and pepper. Bake for approx. 10 – 12 min. at 180°C/350°F. Place the blue cheese and figs on the pastry, drizzle with the sauce, and serve warm.
R120	shakshuka	5
I120.1	Finely dice onion, garlic, ginger, and chili. Cut bell peppers into thin strips. Dice tomatoes.
I120.2	Heat some vegetable oil in a frying pan over medium heat. Add onion, garlic, chili, and bell pepper, and sauté until soft, approx. 6 - 8 min. Then add ginger, spicy paprika, and cumin and cook for another 2 min.
I120.3	Add fresh tomatoes and canned tomatoes to the pan and lightly crush them with the cooking spoon.
I120.4	Preheat oven to 190°C/375°F. Add vegetable broth and cook over medium heat, stirring occasionally, for approx. 20 min. Stir in Worcestershire sauce and season with salt and pepper.
I120.5	Crack eggs into pan. Then crumble feta on top. Transfer to oven and bake at 190°C/375°F for approx. 7 - 10 min. until eggs have set. Remove from oven and garnish with fresh parsley to serve.
R121	tofu-stir-fry-with-rice	7
I121.1	Add rice to saucepan. Cover with 1.5 parts of water, add salt and bring to a simmer. Reduce to low heat, cover and allow to cook for approx. 10 – 15 min. until fluffy and cooked through. Remove from heat and set aside.
I121.2	Halve sugar snap peas with a diagonal cut, thinly slice bell pepper, and cut tofu lengthwise into even pieces.
I121.3	Heat some vegetable oil in a frying pan over medium heat. Fry tofu slices on each side for approx. 3 – 5 min. until lightly roasted and crisp.
I121.4	Add tofu, soy sauce, and sweet chili sauce to a bowl. Stir well to evenly coat tofu slices with marinade. Set aside.
I121.5	Add nuts to pan and roast over medium-low heat until golden brown and fragrant. Set aside.
I121.6	Heat some more vegetable oil in frying pan and sauté sugar snap peas and peppers in a pan over medium heat for approx. 5 – 7 min. until lightly roasted.  Season with salt and pepper.
I121.7	Add vegetables to tofu and gently stir to combine. Serve with rice. Sprinkle with toasted nuts and, if desired, with fresh cilantro leaves.
R122	bavarian-apple-fritters	6
I122.1	In a stand mixer, beat flour, beer, oil, egg yolks and a pinch of salt until smooth. Transfer to refrigerator and allow to rest for approx. 30 min.
I122.2	Beat egg whites and sugar in a stand mixer until stiff and doubled in volume.
I122.3	Carefully fold the beaten egg whites into the batter.
I122.4	Peel and core apples.Then, cut into slices one finger-width thick.
I122.5	Dredge apple slices in batter and lightly shake off any excess.
I122.6	In a large frying pan, heat vegetable oil over medium-high heat. Fry apple fritters for approx. 1 – 2 min. per side or until golden brown. Transfer to a paper towel-lined plate and dust with confectioner’s sugar, if desired. Enjoy them while they’re hot!
R123	hot-dog-with-three-toppings	8
I123.1	Chop pickles, reserving pickle water. Finely chop red chili, parsley, and chives. Slice red onion into fine rings.
I123.2	Grate cheddar cheese.
I123.3	Fill a large saucepan with water and bring to a boil. Once boiling, remove from heat and add sausages. Set aside to heat up.
I123.4	For onion topping, heat vegetable oil in a frying pan over medium heat. Cook four fifths of the onions until soft and translucent, for approx. 8 – 10 min. Remove from heat and set aside.
I123.5	For spicy cheese sauce, melt grated cheese with milk in a medium saucepan over medium-low heat. Add red chili, season with salt and pepper and stir to combine. Remove from heat and set aside.
I123.6	For pickle topping, stir together potato starch with water in a small bowl and set aside. Bring reserved pickle water in a small saucepan over medium-high heat to a boil. Once pickle water has reduced by half, pour in potato starch mixture and stir until sauce thickens. Add three quarters of chopped pickles, season with salt and pepper, and stir to combine. Remove from heat.
I123.7	For remoulade, squeeze lemon juice into a large bowl. Add remaining pickles and red onion, chopped parsley and chives, yogurt, mayonnaise, and curry powder. Season with salt and pepper and mix well.
I123.8	To serve, coat inside of hot dog buns with remoulade and ketchup. Add sausages. Top with either cheese, pickles, or onion topping.  Enjoy with homemade French fries.
R124	banana-toast-with-lingonberry-jam	5
I124.1	Preheat the oven to 180°C/355°F. Lightly toast brioche.
I124.2	Spread each toasted slice of brioche with a teaspoon of lingonberry jam.
I124.3	Cut the banana into slices or quarters.
I124.4	Next, place a slice of ham, banana, and then cheese on the brioche.
I124.5	Transfer the brioche onto a lined baking sheet and bake in a preheated oven at 180°C/355°F for 5 - 8 min. until golden. Serve warm.
R125	quick-cheesecake-in-a-glass	4
I125.1	Mix Greek yogurt, cream cheese, sugar, and vanilla sugar until smooth.
I125.2	Hull and quarter strawberries. Roughly chop pistachios.
I125.3	Finely crumble oat cookies.
I125.4	Distribute cookie crumbs across serving dishes. Pour yogurt cream on top and garnish with strawberries and chopped pistachios. Serve directly or leave to cool for approx. 10 - 15 min.
R126	caesar-salad	9
I126.1	Preheat the oven to 180°C/350°F. For the bread chips, cut the baguette into thin slices and distribute on a lined baking tray.
I126.2	Drizzle the slices with olive oil and bake in preheated oven at 180°C/350°F for approx. 5 - 7 min. until golden.
I126.3	For the dressing, cook an egg in boiling water for approx. 2 - 3 min. Gently crack open the egg to remove the egg yolk. Put the parboiled egg yolk into a tall container.
I126.4	Finely chop anchovy fillets and garlic.
I126.5	Add chopped anchovy fillets and garlic, lemon juice, Worcestershire sauce, mustard, white balsamic vinegar, and sugar to the egg yolk and mix with a hand blender.
I126.6	Slowly stir the rest of the olive oil into the egg mixture. By doing this, mayonnaise will start to form. Season with salt and pepper.
I126.7	Halve olives and tomatoes. Dice cucumber. Wash and dry romaine lettuce hearts and tear into bite-sized pieces.
I126.8	Poach 2 eggs in hot, but not boiling, water to the desired degree of hardness. For a runny center, approx. 3 - 5 min. is recommended. Transfer to a paper towel to dry.
I126.9	Mix the lettuce, tomatoes, cucumber, and olives with the dressing and transfer to a plate. Sprinkle the bread chips on top and serve with a poached egg and Parmesan shavings.
R127	low-carb-rice-pudding	3
I127.1	Finely grate lemon and orange zest and split and scrape the vanilla bean.
I127.2	Add almond milk to a small bowl and set aside. In a large bowl, combine cotton cheese, vanilla, orange zest, lemon zest, and cinnamon and mix until combined. Add almond milk, adding more if necessary to reach desired texture. Sweeten the rice pudding with stevia. Transfer bowl to refrigerator and let rest for approx. 30 min.
I127.3	Garnish the pudding with additional orange or lemon peel, if desired. Enjoy!
R128	tarte-au-citron	6
I128.1	Add flour, butter, and confectioner’s sugar to a food processor and pulse briefly. Separate a part of the eggs and add yolk as well as cold water to the food processor. Pulse until dough comes together. Wrap in plastic wrap and let rest in the refrigerator for approx. 15 min.
I128.2	Grease a tart pan with some butter. Thinly roll out dough and place in tart pan. Trim edges if needed. Return to refrigerator and let rest for a further approx. 30 min.
I128.3	Preheat oven to 200°C/400°F. Carefully place a sheet of parchment paper on the crust and fill with pie weights. Blind bake the crust for 20 – 25 min. Transfer out of oven, remove pie weights, and set aside to cool. Reduce oven temperature to 180°C/350°F.
I128.4	Mix remaining eggs and sugar in a stand mixer until well combined. Add mascarpone and whipping cream. Add lemon zest. Juice lemons and add some of the juice.
I128.5	Add filling to crust and bake in a preheated oven at 180°C/350°F for approx. 30 – 35 min. until just set. Remove from oven and let cool.
I128.6	Serve dusted with confectioner’s sugar.
R129	shakshuka-bowl	3
I129.1	Slice onion and bell peppers, mice garlic. Heat a skillet over medium heat. Add some olive oil, then add onion, bell peppers, and garlic. Cook until fragrant and soft, approx. 5 min.
I129.2	Add crushed tomatoes, paprika, cumin and cayenne pepper. Cook for another 5 min. Add salt and pepper to taste.
I129.3	Transfer to a serving bowl, make a slight well in the center, and crack egg into it. Crumble feta on top. Microwave on high for approx. 3 – 5 min. at 600w, or until the egg is cooked through. Roughly chop fresh cilantro and parsley. Garnish with herbs. Enjoy!
R130	winter-salad-with-warm-goat-cheese	5
I130.1	Preheat oven to 200°C (390°F). Halve goat cheese rounds. Cut plum into slices and pick herb leaves.
I130.2	Transfer goat cheese halves to an oven-safe pan. Top with plum and herb leaves.
I130.3	Drizzle with half of the honey. Bake in a preheated oven at 200°C (390°F) for approx. 5 – 7 min. until cheese is melted.
I130.4	In the meantime, toast pine nuts in a grease-free frying pan on low-medium heat until golden. In a canning jar, add orange juice, white vinegar, olive oil and remaining honey. Season with salt and pepper and shake well to combine.
I130.5	In a large bowl, combine salad and dressing. Mix well. Sprinkle with toasted pine nuts and transfer to a plate. Top each portion with melted goat cheese and more salad. Enjoy with a glass of wine.
R131	hash-browns-with-fried-eggs-and-bacon	5
I131.1	Finely chop chives. Peel and shred potatoes.
I131.2	Transfer shredded potatoes to bowl with cold water, stirring until water turns cloudy. Drain and rinse potatoes well under cold water. Transfer potatoes to kitchen towel and twist over sink to wring out as much liquid as possible. Transfer potatoes back to bowl and toss to loosen, then transfer back onto towel and ring out liquid again.
I131.3	Transfer potatoes back to bowl and toss with salt and a couple grinds of black pepper.
I131.4	Heat vegetable oil in skillet over medium-high heat. Add potatoes in an even layer and cook, undisturbed, until bottom forms a deep golden-brown crust, approx. 5 min. Use a large plate to flip hash browns in one piece and cook the other side, approx. 5 min. more, adding more vegetable oil if needed. Transfer to a paper towel-lined plate to drain.
I131.5	Fry bacon in the same skillet set over medium-high heat until crispy. Add butter to skillet and fry eggs in butter until whites are set and edges are crispy. Divide bacon, eggs, and hash browns evenly among serving plates and garnish with chives, salt, and pepper. Enjoy!
R132	chinese-glass-noodle-salad	4
I132.1	Chop cilantro. Peel cucumber, halve lengthwise, scoop out seeds with a spoon, and cut into slices. Peel red onion, cut in half, and thinly slice. Peel and finely chop garlic cloves. Finely slice or cut chili pepper with scissors or knife. Set aside.
I132.2	Peel and devein shrimp, add to a frying pan, and sauté in vegetable oil over medium-high heat with salt and pepper. Cook for approx. 2 – 4 min., until shrimp turn pink, then remove from heat and set aside.
I132.3	Steep glass noodles, according to package instructions, in hot water for approx. 5 – 6 min. Drain glass noodles and briefly rinse under cold water.
I132.4	In a large bowl, combine cucumber, onion, garlic, chili pepper, toasted sesame oil, fish sauce, and lemon juice and toss. Add drained glass noodles to bowl along with shrimp. Mix everything thoroughly together. If desired, add more lime juice, sesame oil, or fish sauce to taste. Top with chopped coriander, serve and enjoy!
R133	marzipan-stuffed-baked-apples	5
I133.1	Preheat oven to 180°C/355°F. Remove core from the apples.
I133.2	In a large bowl, combine marzipan, rum, sultanas, almond slivers, and apricot jam.
I133.3	Stuff apples with the mixture.
I133.4	Place apples in a casserole dish. Dot the apples with butter.
I133.5	In a small bowl, mix brown sugar and cinnamon and generously sprinkle the apples with the sugar mixture. In a preheated oven, bake apples 180°C/355° for approx. 20 – 30 min. Serve with warm vanilla sauce.
R134	bircher-muesli	3
I134.1	Roughly chop hazelnuts. Julienne the apple.
I134.2	Mix milk, yogurt, Greek yogurt, and honey in a large bowl.
I134.3	Add apples, hazelnuts, oat flakes, and sultanas to the blended yogurt. Steep for a few hours or overnight before serving to allow the oats to become soft.
R135	fresh-mango-mint-wrap	5
I135.1	Slice the carrot, lettuce heart, snow peas, green onion, celery, bell pepper, mint, and parsley into fine strips. Peel the mango, remove the pit, and cut into slices.
I135.2	For the spread, mix the soy yogurt with mint strips, lime juice, chili powder, sugar, and salt and pepper.
I135.3	Spread the mixture onto the wraps. Top with sliced vegetables, parsley, and mango.
I135.4	Now, roll to create a wrap. First, fold the edges up and roll as tightly as possible from the widest edge. The less air in the wrap, the easier it is to cut afterwards.
I135.5	Cut the wrap diagonally across the middle to serve. This makes it pleasing to the eye and easy to place decoratively onto a plate.
R136	chicken-salad-tostadas	2
I136.1	Preheat oven to 190°C/375°F. Transfer tortillas to baking sheet and lightly spray with cooking spray. Lay flat in oven and bake for approx. 10 – 15  min. Meanwhile, grill chicken until cooked through, then chop into small bite-sized pieces. Shred romaine lettuce. Combine salsa, thawed corn, beans, and bouillon in a small bowl.
I136.2	Top each tostada evenly with chicken, lettuce, and salsa mixture. Enjoy!
R137	summer-salad-with-blue-cheese-dressing	4
I137.1	Roughly chop walnuts. Thinly slice green onions. Halve cherry tomatoes. Cut bell pepper into thin strips.
I137.2	Using a food processor, blend together yogurt, blue cheese, sherry, and olive oil until smooth and creamy.  Season to taste with salt, pepper, and sugar.
I137.3	In a grease-free frying pan, toast walnuts over medium heat, stirring often, for approx. 2 - 3 min. until golden-brown and fragrant.
I137.4	Wash and dry salad. Thoroughly mix ingredients together. Add some of the dressing and toss to combine. Taste and add more dressing if desired. Enjoy!
R138	homemade-gnocchi-with-mushroom-sauce	7
I138.1	Boil potatoes in salted, boiling water for approx. 20 - 30 min., according to size. Drain and peel.
I138.2	Mash potatoes with a potato masher. Add egg yolks, nutmeg, salt, and pepper and continue to mash until ingredients are well-incorporated.
I138.3	Gradually work in the flour and knead into a smooth dough.
I138.4	Transfer the dough to a lightly floured work surface. Make long rolls out of the dough. Using a knife, cut dough into large pieces approx 1cm x 2cm large. Roll these pieces over a fork to create the traditional gnocchi appearance.
I138.5	Cook gnocchi in salted, boiling water. Meanwhile, quarter mushrooms and fry with some butter. Next, transfer the cooked gnocchi into the pan and fry with the mushrooms.
I138.6	Cut dried tomatoes into strips and add to the pan. Pour the cream in and boil down to a velvety, smooth sauce. Season generously with salt and pepper.
I138.7	Now add the pine nuts and the arugula. Toss the gnocchi briefly and serve immediately.
R139	lemon-curd-cups	6
I139.1	Preheat oven to 180°C/350°F. Zest one fifth of the lemons and squeeze juice from all lemons. The amount of lemon juice should roughly match the amount of sugar.
I139.2	Cut phyllo dough into 5 cm squares on a lightly floured surface. Place two squares crosswise on top of each other. Melt one third of butter and brush dough with it.
I139.3	Then, layer muffin pan with prepared sheets of dough. Bake until golden for about 10 - 15 min. in preheated oven at 180°C/350°F. Set aside to cool.
I139.4	In the meantime, whisk together lemon zest, lemon juice, eggs, egg yolks, sugar, the remaining butter, and a pinch of salt. Heat up over medium heat stirring constantly until the liquid thickens.
I139.5	Remove from heat and strain through a coarse sieve.
I139.6	Fill dough cups with curd and let cool 8 - 10 min. Sprinkle with confectioner’s sugar before serving. These cups also taste great when served slightly cooled.
R140	sweet-and-sour-pork-ribs	4
I140.1	Clean ribs and chop into bite-sized pieces using a meat cleaver. Transfer to a bowl and marinate ribs in salt, pepper, and cooking wine for approx. 5 – 10 min. Add oil to wok and bring to temperature for frying over high heat. Mince garlic, cut green onion into fine rings, and mince ginger. Cut bell peppers into chunks.
I140.2	Sprinkle potato starch over ribs and mix thoroughly until ribs are evenly coated.
I140.3	Fry ribs in vegetable oil in a wok over high heat for approx. 3 – 5 min. until golden brown. Remove from heat and transfer to a sieve set over large bowl to drain oil. Remove any excess oil from wok.
I140.4	Add green garlic, ginger, and green onion to oil and sauté for approx. 1  min. Then, very carefully add vinegar, sugar, half of water, and salt, and stir to combine. While sauce cooks, combine potato starch and rest of water in small bowl. Return ribs to pan and cook for approx. 1 min. Add bell peppers and stir thoroughly to mix well. Add starch slurry, a bit at a time, to thicken sauce.  Enjoy alone or on a bed of rice!
R141	empanadas	7
I141.1	Combine flour, salt, and vegetable oil using a stand mixer with a dough hook. Gradually add milk and beat until incorporated. Continue to knead by hand until a smooth, elastic dough forms. Cover with plastic wrap, transfer to fridge, and allow to set for approx. 30 - 40 min.
I141.2	Finely dice shallot, mince garlic, and roughly chop cilantro. Cut chili into fine slices.
I141.3	Heat some vegetable oil over medium heat in a large saucepan. Add onions and garlic and sauté for approx. 2 - 3 min. until translucent. Then add minced meat and continue to cook for approx. 3 - 4 min. until lightly browned. Avoid too much stirring to keep the meat juicy and flavorful.
I141.4	Then, add tomatoes, kidney beans, and sweet corn. Season to taste with salt, pepper, and cumin. Continue to cook for approx. 3 - 4 min.
I141.5	Remove from heat and add chopped cilantro. Stir to combine and set aside.
I141.6	Preheat oven to 180°C/350°F. Lightly flour work surface. Roll dough into a thin layer with a rolling pin. Using a dough cutter, cut out rounds.
I141.7	Whisk egg. Then, divide filling evenly among rounds, spreading it over half of each and leaving a border. Brush border of bottom with egg wash and fold over top part to enclose the filling. Tightly seal edges with finger tips and crimp using a fork. Transfer to preheated oven and bake at 180°C/350°F for approx. 25 - 30 min. until golden brown. Enjoy warm or cold.
R142	grilled-beef-short-ribs	6
I142.1	Preheat oven to 120°C/250°F. Chop shallots and heat oil in pan over medium-high heat.
I142.2	Sauté shallots until soft and fragrant, then add port wine and let reduce until only about ¼ of it remains.
I142.3	Add veal stock, herbs, and garlic. Let cook for another 2 min., then remove from heat. Transfer to Dutch oven.
I142.4	Place short ribs into Dutch oven and spoon some sauce over them. Cover with lid and transfer to oven to cook for about 3 – 4 hours at 120°C/250°F, or until the meat is fork tender.
I142.5	Heat a grill pan or grill to medium-high. Grill the short ribs until the skin is charred on all sides.
I142.6	Strain sauce into a separate bowl. In pot used to cook short ribs, melt butter, then whisk in flour to make a roux. Whisk in strained sauce until a loose but thickened gravy forms. Slice ribs and serve with sauce and salt and pepper to taste.
R143	homemade-chicken-salad-sandwich	6
I143.1	Slice tomatoes, peel and cube mango, quarter mushrooms and cut lettuce into bite-sized pieces. Finely chop parsley and chives.
I143.2	Cut chicken breast into bite-sized pieces.
I143.3	In a medium bowl, whisk together yogurt, mayonnaise and Worcestershire sauce. Set aside.
I143.4	Heat some vegetable oil in a frying pan over medium heat. Add chicken and mushrooms and sauté until mushrooms are soft and chicken is cooked, approx. 6 – 8 min. Remove from heat and allow to cool slightly.
I143.5	Add mango, chicken, and mushrooms to the mayonnaise yogurt mixture. Add chopped chives and parsley and stir to combine. Season with salt and pepper to taste.
I143.6	Halve baguettes lengthwise and layer lettuce, tomato slices, and chicken salad on the bottom half. Top with remaining half of baguette and enjoy as a satisfying lunch!
R144	zucchini-brownies	3
I144.1	Preheat oven to 180°C/355°F. Cut off ends of zucchini and roughly grate using the large holes of a box grater.
I144.2	Add flour, vanilla bean seeds, sugar, cocoa powder, baking powder, a pinch of salt, vegetable oil, and zucchini to a large bowl. Mix until well combined.
I144.3	Evenly spread cake batter into a medium-sized baking pan and bake in a preheated oven at 180°C/355°F for approx. 20 – 25 min. Remove from oven and allow to cool for approx. 60 – 90 min. Sprinkle with confectioner’s sugar and enjoy!
R145	boozy-chocolate-and-coffee-iced-lollies	4
I145.1	In a large measuring cup, mix together part of the cream and condensed milk. Add one tbsp. of mixture to each popsicle mold. Place in freezer for at least approx. 20 - 30 min.
I145.2	Mix together coffee, Baileys, more of the cream, and rest of the condensed milk mixture. Now, fill each popsicle mold almost to the top with Baileys mixture.
I145.3	Roughly chop chocolate. Heat remainder of cream in a small saucepan over low heat, add chocolate, and stir until melted. Now, add chocolate to each popsicle mold. Close your popsicle mold and insert popsicle sticks. Place in freezer for approx. 4 – 6 h.
I145.4	Remove from freezer and carefully hold popsicle mold under warm water to release popsicles. Enjoy with a glass of Baileys!
R146	taiwanese-pork-belly-over-rice	6
I146.1	Mince garlic and roughly chop scallions. Peel and mince ginger. Chop pork into bite-sized cubes. Cut and separate leaves of bok choy.
I146.2	Fill wok one-third of the way with water and poach pork belly for approx. 5 – 7 min. in boiling water. Strain and set aside in a small bowl. Discard water.
I146.3	Heat oil over medium-high heat. Add ginger, garlic, and scallions to oil and sauté for approx. 1 min. Add star anise, cinnamon, black cardamom, and bay leaf. Then, return pork to wok and fry along with aromatics for approx. 1 – 2 min. Mix miso paste with water and add to wok. Peel hard boiled egg and add to wok. Cook for approx. 1 hour. Season with dark soy sauce and salt, pepper, and sugar to taste. Remove star anise, cinnamon, black cardamom, and bay leaf before serving.
I146.4	Bring another wok or saucepan filled with some water to a boil, add some oil, and cook bok choy for approx. 10 – 20 sec, or until softened slightly and bright green.
I146.5	Remove bok choy from wok and set aside.
I146.6	Halve egg, then arrange pork, bok choy, and egg halves in serving bowls over a bed of rice. Enjoy!
R147	basic-potato-gratin	3
I147.1	Preheat oven to 170°C/340°F. Peel and cut the clove of garlic in half. Rub baking dish first with cut side of the garlic and then grease with butter.
I147.2	Peel potatoes if desired and cut into thin slices. Arrange the slices in overlapping layers in the baking dish.
I147.3	Generously season heavy cream with nutmeg, salt and pepper and pour over potatoes. Bake in preheated oven at 170°C/340°F on the bottom rack for approx. 40 – 45 min. until golden. Allow to cool for 5 min. before serving.
R148	panna-cotta-with-passion-fruit-sauce	6
I148.1	Soften the gelatin in cold water.
I148.2	Bring half of the heavy cream with half of the sugar and vanilla seeds to a boil. Remove pan from stove. Next, add other half of chilled heavy cream and the softened gelatin. Mix until the gelatin has dissolved.
I148.3	Fill the ramekins with the mixture, cover well and chill for at least 4 hours, or overnight.
I148.4	For the fruit sauce, slice passion fruits open and remove the flesh using a spoon. Put into a small sauce pan.
I148.5	Add remaining half of sugar to the passion fruits and bring everything to a boil.
I148.6	Remove the saucepan from the stove and puree the sauce, so that the flesh separates and the seeds remain whole. To serve, remove the Panna Cotta from the ramekins and drizzle passion fruit sauce on top.
R149	quick-tomato-soup	3
I149.1	Chop onion and mince garlic. Cut sundried tomatoes into small pieces. Add olive oil to a small pot over medium heat, then add onion and garlic. Cook until fragrant, approx. 2 min.
I149.2	Add chopped tomatoes, sundried tomatoes, vegetable broth, and thyme to pot. Simmer for approx. 15 min. Purée until smooth. Season with salt and pepper.
I149.3	Transfer to a serving bowl and dollop with yogurt alternative. If you like, garnish with pumpkin seed oil. Serve with slices of whole wheat bread. Enjoy!
R150	green-smoothie	3
I150.1	Cut banana, cucumber, and ginger into chunks. Roughly chop spinach and dice apples.
I150.2	Add all chopped vegetables and fruits to a blender. Add agave syrup, flaxseed oil, lemon juice, and water.
I150.3	Blend until smooth and enjoy right away.
R151	rosemary-chocolate-chip-cookies	6
I151.1	Cut peel from lemon. Roughly chop rosemary.
I151.2	Melt butter in a small saucepan over medium heat. Add lemon peel and rosemary, bring to a boil, and then remove from heat and allow to cool for approx. 8 – 10 min. Discard lemon peel.
I151.3	Add flour, baking powder, sugar, and brown sugar to a stand mixer. Beat for approx. 1 – 2 min. until well mixed. Now, add vanilla extract, salt, butter, and egg. Beat for another 2 – 3 min. until well mixed.
I151.4	Roughly chop chocolate. Add to stand mixer and beat for approx. 1 – 2 min. until well incorporated. Cover dough and transfer to fridge for at least 1 hour.
I151.5	Preheat oven to 200°C/390°F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Spoon dough into balls, approx. 1 tbsp in size, onto baking sheet, taking care to leave enough space between each.
I151.6	Sprinkle sea salt on top of each cookie. Bake in a preheated oven at 200°C/390°F for approx. 8 – 12 min. Enjoy!
R152	creamy-polenta-with-balsamic-mushrooms	5
I152.1	In a small saucepan, bring vegetable stock, heavy cream, thyme, and rosemary to a boil.
I152.2	Remove the herbs from the stock and season with salt and pepper.
I152.3	Stir the polenta into the hot stock and cook for approx. 10 - 15 min. on low heat, stirring occasionally.
I152.4	Meanwhile, clean and quarter mushrooms. Finely slice onion.
I152.5	Fry onion and mushrooms in some vegetable oil. Sprinkle with sugar and deglaze pan with balsamic vinegar. Season with salt and pepper. Allow to reduce for approx. 1 - 2 min. Top the polenta with the balsamic mushrooms and sauce.
R153	homemade-eggnog	4
I153.1	Separate eggs and set yolks aside. Add egg whites to standing mixer and beat until fluffy. Add part of the sugar and beat until stiff peaks form. Transfer beaten egg whites to a large bowl.
I153.2	Add egg yolks to standing mixer and beat until light in color. Add remaining sugar, milk, cream, bourbon and nutmeg and beat until incorporated.
I153.3	Carefully fold egg whites into egg yolk mixture. Transfer to refrigerator and chill for approx. 30 min.
I153.4	Serve eggnog topped with a dollop of whipped cream if desired.
R154	wholesome-pancakes	2
I154.1	Combine coconut flour, wholemeal flour, puffed amaranth, baking powder, and cinnamon in a large mixing bowl. Add almond drink and agave nectar and stir until combined. It’s okay if there are some lumps in the batter, as this makes the pancakes even fluffier.
I154.2	Add a knob of coconut oil to pan and melt over a medium heat. When pan is hot, add 2 – 3 tbsp. of batter for each pancake. Fry for approx. 30 sec. until large bubbles appear on top, then flip. Remove from heat when golden brown on both sides. Enjoy!
R155	salmon-and-broccoli-casserole	4
I155.1	Cut broccoli into bite-sized florets. Then, fill a large saucepan half full with salted water, bring to a boil, and blanch broccoli for approx. 2 – 3 min. Drain and set aside.
I155.2	Cut potatoes into thin medallions. Then, fill a large saucepan with salted water, bring to a boil, add potatoes, and blanch for approx. 5 min. Cut lemon in half, juice one half, and then cut the other into wedges. Next, mix together half of lemon juice and salmon in a large bowl. Season with salt and pepper and then cut into bite-sized pieces. Finely chop dill and chervil.
I155.3	In a small bowl, mix together crème fraiche, herbs, rest of the lemon juice, and water until fluid and creamy.
I155.4	Preheat oven to 200°C/400°F. Grease a baking dish with a bit of butter. Add potato slices and season with salt and pepper. Then, layer salmon and broccoli on top, followed by crème fraiche sauce and cheese. Bake in preheated oven at 200°C/400°F for approx. 25 – 30 min. until golden brown. Serve warm with lemon wedges on the side. Enjoy!
R156	moussaka	7
I156.1	Cut potato, eggplant, and tomato into slices. Finely dice shallots and carrots, mince garlic, and roughly chop parsley. Cut tofu into small cubes.
I156.2	Heat olive oil in a large saucepan. Sauté chopped shallots, garlic, and carrots until translucent. Add tofu and continue to sauté for approx. 3 – 5 min.
I156.3	Add tomato sauce to the saucepan, stir to combine, and season to taste with sugar and salt and pepper. Gently bring to a simmer.
I156.4	Stir in chopped parsley and set aside.
I156.5	Preheat oven to 180°C/355°C. In a small bowl, mix together soy cream and bell pepper paste.
I156.6	To assemble the moussaka, place a layer of eggplant on the bottom of a casserole dish. Place potato slices on top of the eggplants and cover with soy cream mixture. Top with tomato slices.
I156.7	Cover the moussaka with the reserved tomato sauce. Bake in a preheated oven at 180°C/355°C for approx. 25 - 30 min. until bubbling and lightly brown. Enjoy with a fresh salad on the side.
R157	nectarine-ginger-mille-crepe-cake	6
I157.1	Stir together flour, sugar, and salt.
I157.2	In a large bowl, whisk together flour mixture with milk, eggs, melted butter, and lemon zest until smooth. For best results, cover bowl with plastic wrap and set aside to rest for at least an hour or refrigerated overnight.
I157.3	Meanwhile, prepare pastry cream filling. Add vanilla bean to saucepan with milk. Heat milk over medium-low heat, just until it simmers. Turn off heat and let vanilla steep for at least 30 minutes. In a separate bowl, whisk together sugar, egg yolks, cornstarch, and salt until smooth. When milk is done steeping, scrape vanilla bean seeds into pan and discard pod. Reheat milk gently until warm, then whisk it slowly into egg mixture until combined. Transfer mixture back to saucepan and cook over medium heat, whisking constantly, until mixture starts to bubble and thicken. Continue to whisk vigorously for another minute, then remove from heat and transfer to a clean bowl. If the cream is lumpy, pass it through a sieve. Cover cream with plastic wrap, pressing plastic onto the surface of the pastry cream to prevent a film from forming, and refrigerate until cooled completely. Meanwhile, whip heavy cream to medium-stiff peaks. Fold it into cooled pastry cream and set aside.
I157.4	To make crêpes, place nonstick pan lightly greased with butter over medium heat. Pour about 1/4 cup of batter into the pan and swirl to coat as evenly as possible. Cook just until bottom starts to brown, about 2 minutes. Flip and cook other side briefly, another 30 seconds or so. Transfer crêpe to a plate. You should end up with about 20 crêpes.
I157.5	To assemble cake, slice nectarines thinly with a mandolin. Place one crêpe on a serving plate, then spread about 1/4 cup of pastry cream filling on top, and top with another crêpe. Continue this way until all crêpes are used, saving your best looking one for last. Every fourth crêpe or so, top pastry cream with a layer of nectarine slices and grated ginger to taste.
I157.6	Chill cake for at least 4 hours or overnight. Before serving, garnish with more nectarine slices and a dusting of powdered sugar.
R158	pan-fried-scallops-over-pureed-sunchokes	5
I158.1	Peel and finely chop garlic and shallots. Peel sunchokes and cut into small cubes.
I158.2	In a small saucepan, melt butter and add garlic, shallots, and sunchokes and sauté briefly. Pour in chicken stock and season with nutmeg, salt, and pepper, and let simmer.
I158.3	In the meantime, heat oil in a frying pan over medium-high heat. Transfer scallops to the pan. Carefully sear on both sides until golden brown, approx. 1 – 2 min. on each side, then add lime juice and season with salt and pepper.
I158.4	As soon as sunchokes are soft, purée everything together in the saucepan.
I158.5	Remove leaves from cilantro and mint. Arrange sunchoke purée on a serving plate, top with scallops, and garnish with mint, cilantro, and some freshly peeled sunchokes.
R159	clafoutis-with-cherries	5
I159.1	Preheat oven to 175°C/350°F and grease baking tins with some butter.
I159.2	In a large bowl, combine eggs, buttermilk, sugar, and a pinch of salt. Add zest of half a lemon and seeds of the vanilla bean. Mix everything well until a smooth batter forms.
I159.3	Add flour and whisk until smooth.
I159.4	Drain cherries and place into baking tins.
I159.5	Pour batter into tins until cherries are slightly covered and bake for approx. 15 - 20 min. in preheated oven at 175°C/350°F until golden. Serve with whipped cream or vanilla ice cream.
R160	double-chocolate-tart	8
I160.1	Preheat the oven to 180°C/355°F. For the base, mix part of the cold, cubed butter, sugar, milk, and a pinch of salt together. Next, add flour and work into a smooth dough.
I160.2	Roll the dough out thinly onto a work surface sprinkled with flour. Leaving an edge, lay into a tart tin (greased if necessary). Weigh down with baking paper and baking beans.
I160.3	Next, blind bake in a preheated oven at 180°C/355°F for approx. 12 - 15 min., until the base is golden.
I160.4	Meanwhile, chop part of the dark couverture and put in a bowl with another part of soft butter.
I160.5	Bring part of the heavy cream to a boil and pour over couverture and butter. Let it sit for 1 - 2 min. and then beat with whisk until smooth.
I160.6	Add egg whites, eggs and a pinch of salt to the chocolate mixture and whisk. Pour the smooth mixture onto the baked base and bake the whole thing at 180°C/355°F for approx. 25 min. Leave to cool down to room temperature for approx 1 hour.
I160.7	For the ganache, chop remaining couverture and put in a bowl with remaining butter. Next, boil cream and pour over the couverture and butter. Allow to steep for 1 - 2 min. and then whisk until smooth.
I160.8	Spread the ganache over the cooled tart. Chill the tart for at least 1 hour before serving. Serve with a garnish of cream and fresh berries, as desired.
R161	sauerkraut-with-kassler-and-mashed-potatoes	4
I161.1	Preheat oven to 80°C/175°F. Pat kassler dry with a towel. Add sauerkraut to a small saucepan with veal stock and kassler and bring to a boil. Cover and transfer to preheated oven and bake at 80°C/175°F for approx. 25 – 30 min.
I161.2	Meanwhile, peel potatoes and cut into large pieces. In a large saucepan, bring potatoes to a boil in salted water and cook for approx. 15 – 20 min. Drain and set aside.
I161.3	In a small saucepan, slowly warm milk and butter over medium heat. Add potatoes and mash. Season to taste with salt, pepper, and nutmeg.
I161.4	Slice kassler into finger-width strips and serve on a plate with mashed potatoes and sauerkraut. Enjoy!
R162	dutch-baby	5
I162.1	Place eggs and egg white, flour, evaporated milk, sugar, lemon peel, vanilla extract and salt in blender; cover. Blend until smooth. Scrape down sides and blend again if needed. Let mixture sit for approx. 10 min.
I162.2	Meanwhile, place an ovenproof frying pan in oven and preheat to 220°C/425°F. Remove frying pan from oven.
I162.3	Add butter to frying pan and swirl to coat all sides. Add batter to pan.
I162.4	Bake for 15 – 20 min. at 220°C/425°F, or until puffed and golden. Edges should be deep golden brown and crisp.
I162.5	Slide Dutch baby onto serving platter or cutting board, or serve straight from pan, if desired. Top with fresh berries and sprinkle with lemon juice. Dust with confectioner's sugar and cut into wedges for serving. Serve warm with maple syrup.
R163	easy-white-pizza	5
I163.1	Cut onion into thin strips.
I163.2	Preheat oven to 220°C/420°F. Next, on a work surface sprinkled with flour, roll out pizza dough until flat.
I163.3	In a grease-free frying pan, toast pine nuts over medium-low heat, stirring often, for approx. 2 - 3 min. until golden brown and fragrant.
I163.4	Place dough on a lined baking tray. Spread crème fraîche evenly over dough. Sprinkle with pine nuts, feta, and onions. Grate Parmesan on top with a fine grater. Place in the oven and bake at 220°C/425°F for approx. 10 - 15 min.
I163.5	Remove pizza from oven. Season with black pepper and garnish generously with arugula. Enjoy!
R164	bee-sting-cake	8
I164.1	Set butter, eggs, and milk out to reach room temperature. In a large bowl, combine flour, yeast, sugar, and salt. Add milk, eggs, and butter. Mix until a loose, cohesive dough forms. Scrape down bottom and sides of bowl, then continue to mix for another couple of minutes. Scrape down bowl again and cover it with plastic wrap or a damp towel. Set bowl aside to rest and let rise until not quite double in size, approx. 1 – 2 hours. Butter baking dish.
I164.2	Meanwhile, make pastry cream: heat milk and vanilla bean pod in a medium saucepan over medium-low heat until it comes to a simmer. Set aside to let vanilla infuse for 30 min. In a separate mixing bowl, whisk together egg yolks, sugar, cornstarch, and salt until pale and smooth. When milk is done steeping, scrape vanilla seeds into milk and discard the pod. Reheat milk gently, then slowly whisk it into egg mixture. Transfer mixture back to saucepan and cook on medium-low heat until it bubbles and thickens, whisking constantly. Turn heat down and let simmer for 1 – 2 min. more, then take it off the heat. If the cream is lumpy, pass it through a sieve. Transfer pastry cream to a clean bowl and cover with plastic wrap, pressing the plastic onto the surface of cream to prevent a film from forming. Refrigerate until completely cool.
I164.3	Once dough has almost doubled in size, give it a gentle stir to deflate slightly, then transfer to baking dish and spread to cover the bottom evenly. Cover loosely with plastic wrap or a damp towel and set aside to rise for approx. 30 – 45 min. Preheat the oven to 175°C/350°F. When the cake is ready, bake it for approx. 25 min., or until it starts to turn golden brown on top and the center is just set.
I164.4	While cake bakes, make topping. Heat butter, sugar, honey, cream, and salt in a saucepan over medium heat, stirring occasionally until butter is melted. Bring mixture to a boil, then reduce to a simmer for approx. 5 – 8 min., or until it thickens and darkens slightly. Stir in almonds and set aside to cool slightly.
I164.5	Spoon topping evenly over cake and spread gently, making sure to cover corners and sides. Bake cake for another 15 min., or until top is a deep golden brown and edges start to bubble. Set cake aside to cool in pan for approx. 30 min. before running a knife along its sides to loosen and turning it out of pan. Let cool completely.
I164.6	To finish filling, whip heavy cream just until stiff peaks start to form. Fold whipped cream into cooled pastry cream until combined.
I164.7	Slice cooled cake in half horizontally with a serrated knife. Spread pastry cream filling evenly over bottom half of the cake.
I164.8	Cover pastry cream with top half of cake. Cut into squares to serve.
R165	blueberry-muffins	6
I165.1	Preheat oven to 160°C/320°F. Beat soft butter with sugar in a standing mixer or with a hand mixer until fluffy.
I165.2	Add eggs, one at a time, and continue beating until well-combined.
I165.3	In one bowl, mix almost all the flour with baking powder and a pinch of salt. Next, alternate adding the flour mixture and milk. Blend into a smooth batter.
I165.4	In another bowl, mix blueberries with the rest of the flour. This slight coating prevents them from sinking to the bottom during baking.
I165.5	Now, carefully fold in the blueberries by hand using a rubber spatula or a wooden spoon.
I165.6	Fill the muffin tins with the batter and bake in a preheated oven at 160°C/320°F for approx. 20 – 25 min. until golden. Cool in pan on a baking rack for approx. 10 – 15 min. Enjoy warm or leave to cool completely on a wire rack.
R166	quick-cauliflower-tabbouleh	7
I166.1	Chop parsley and mint into strips. Slice green onion and leek into rings. Cut carrot, cauliflower, and celery root into walnut-sized pieces.
I166.2	Remove pomegranate seeds and add to large bowl. For easy seed removal, first roll pomegranate on counter to loosen seeds, cut in half, and hold each half over the bowl while tapping firmly with wooden spoon.
I166.3	Preheat oven to 180°C/400°F. To make the vegetable stock, heat some vegetable oil in a large saucepan. Add leek, carrot, celery root, and parsley and sauté until softened, approx. 8 – 10 min.
I166.4	Season vegetables with cumin, sugar, salt, and pepper. Pour in water and bring to a simmer. Allow to cook for approx. 15 – 20 min., then use a sieve to strain out vegetable stock and discard vegetables. Set vegetable stock aside.
I166.5	Add cauliflower to an ovenproof frying pan. Add olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Bake in the oven at 180°C/ 350°F for approx. 10 min. Then remove from oven and set aside to cool.
I166.6	Meanwhile, add vegetable stock to a small saucepan and bring to a simmer. Remove from heat, stir in bulgur and cover with a lid. Let stand for approx. 15 - 20 min. until tender. If necessary, drain excess water.
I166.7	Combine bulgur, cauliflower, mint, pomegranate seeds, and green onions in a bowl. Season with salt and pepper, and add olive oil. Stir well to combine. Enjoy as a side dish or healthy lunch.
R167	tomato-and-goat-cheese-tartlets	5
I167.1	Pre-heat the oven to 180°C/375°F (convection heat). Meanwhile, wash and dry the cherry tomatoes, then halve them. Slice the goat cheese.
I167.2	Purée the dried tomatoes, tomato purée, garlic clove, olive oil, and some of the thyme in a blender. Mix in maple syrup and salt and pepper to taste.
I167.3	Halve the rectangular puff pastry sheets to form squares. With a sharp knife, score each pastry square with a line on each side approx. 1 cm/0.5 in. from the edge.
I167.4	Whisk the egg yolk and lightly brush the edges of the puff pastry with it. Place a spoonful of tomato paste mixture onto each piece of pastry and spread it to the edges. Arrange goat cheese and tomatoes on each tart and garnish with a sprig of thyme. Transfer tartlets to baking sheet.
I167.5	Bake the tarts at 180°C/350°F for approx. 20 min. until golden brown. Remove from the oven and drizzle with balsamic glaze. Enjoy!
R168	white-chocolate-cheesecake	12
I168.1	Add gelatin sheets to a bowl with some water. Leave to soak for approx. 8 – 12 min.
I168.2	Place cookies into a freezer bag. Tightly seal bag and crush cookies with a rolling pin.
I168.3	Melt butter in a small pan over medium-low heat. Transfer cookie crumbs to a bowl, pour in melted butter, and stir until combined.
I168.4	Add cookie crumb mixture to a round baking form and press firmly into bottom of baking form.
I168.5	To set up a double boiler, add some water to a large saucepan and bring to a simmer. Place a heat-resistant bowl on top of the saucepan. Add white chocolate to the bowl, allow to melt, and then set aside.
I168.6	Add soaked gelatin with the soaking water and sugar to a small saucepan. Slowly heat over medium-low heat, stirring until the gelatin has completely dissolved. Be careful not to overheat. Quickly add gelatin to white chocolate. Stir well to combine.
I168.7	Add cream cheese to yogurt. Stir well to combine.
I168.8	Add gelatin mixture to the mixture. Stir well to combine.
I168.9	Pour cream into round baking form. Gently tap form on counter to release air bubbles. Transfer to refrigerator and allow to set for approx. 3 hours.
I168.10	Melt the bittersweet chocolate in a double boiler. Set aside.
I168.11	Carefully run knife around the edges of the baking form. Remove cake and transfer to a cake platter.
I168.12	Before serving, decorate the cake with the melted bittersweet chocolate and grated white chocolate. Enjoy with a cup of coffee or tea!
R169	panzanella-bread-salad	5
I169.1	Preheat the oven to 160°C/ 320°F. Tear the flatbread into bite-sized pieces and put into a baking dish. Drizzle with some olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Bake for approx. 10 min. until golden.
I169.2	Dice zucchini, slice peppers into strips, quarter mushrooms.
I169.3	Sauté the vegetables in a hot pan with some vegetable oil and season with sugar, salt, and pepper. Deglaze with white wine vinegar and remove the pan from the heat.
I169.4	Slice the basil into fine strips. Halve olives and cherry tomatoes.
I169.5	Toss toasted bread and vegetables with the olives, tomatoes, and basil. Season with white wine vinegar, olive oil, salt, and pepper. Serve immediately with a garnish of basil leaves.
R170	salad-in-a-jar	6
I170.1	Roughly chop parsley.
I170.2	Grate Parmesan. Then, mix yogurt, lemon zest, garlic, Parmesan cheese, and parsley in a small bowl. Season to taste with salt and pepper.
I170.3	Season chicken breast with salt and pepper. Heat some vegetable oil in a grill pan over medium-high heat. Add chicken to pan and sauté for approx. 10 – 12 min. until well done and golden brown on both sides. Set aside to cool.
I170.4	In the meantime, roughly grate carrot using a box grater.
I170.5	Quarter olives. Halve cherry tomatoes. Cut bell pepper, onion, and cucumber into slices.
I170.6	Tear lettuce into pieces. Slice chicken into strips. Spoon dressing into bottom of jar. Layer cherry tomatoes, olives, half of the lettuce, carrot, cucumber, and bell pepper. Top with the rest of lettuce and chicken. For serving, add all ingredients to a bowl and stir well to combine. Enjoy!
R171	turmeric-almond-drink	3
I171.1	Heat water and turmeric in a small pot over medium heat. Add ginger and stir to combine, then add nutmeg.
I171.2	Continue to cook until the mixture reduces to a paste. Add almond drink and whisk until smooth. Let cook for approx. 2 min. more, then add honey and remove from heat.
I171.3	Transfer to a serving mug and dust with cinnamon. Enjoy!
R172	eton-mess	3
I172.1	Whip cream until stiff peaks form. Add sifted confectioner’s sugar towards the end and whisk in.
I172.2	Break meringue into bite-sized pieces and crush a third of the raspberries with a fork.
I172.3	Gently fold meringue pieces and raspberry puree into whipped cream. Fill half of the cream mixture into serving dishes. Add fresh raspberries and cover with another layer of the cream mixture. Garnish with fresh mint to serve.
R173	red-beet-and-apple-mulled-wine	3
I173.1	Juice beetroot, apples, and ginger. Halve and juice all but half an orange. Cut remaining orange half in slices.
I173.2	Add juice and water to a large saucepan and bring to a quick boil. Reduce heat and add cinnamon stick, cloves, and orange slices. Let simmer on low heat for approx. 20 min. Stir occasionally.
I173.3	If using red wine, add it last. Warm punch on low heat for approx. 2 min to incorporate. Enjoy!
R174	cranberry-scones	6
I174.1	Preheat oven to 200°C/400°F. In a small bowl, mix together the milk, crème fraîche, and part of the vanilla extract.
I174.2	Add flour, baking powder, baking soda, sugar, salt as well as lemon and orange zest to a standing mixer. While mixer is running on low speed, add butter in small pieces until it is incorporated. Add milk and crème fraîche mixture and beat until combined.
I174.3	Incorporate cranberries into dough.
I174.4	Transfer dough to floured work surface, spread out two fingers thick, and cut into triangular slices. Place each scone on a lined baking sheet and bake in preheated oven at 200°C/400°F for approx. 18 – 20 min. or until they are golden brown.
I174.5	Meanwhile, juice lemon and add part of the juice to a small bowl. To make the icing, add confectioner’s sugar and remaining vanilla extract. Mix to combine. Remove scones from oven and let cool. Drizzle icing over scones.
I174.6	Invite your friends for tea time and enjoy!
R175	sweet-chestnut-soup	8
I175.1	In a frying pan, sauté sugar over medium-high heat for approx. 1 – 2 min. and deglaze with white wine.
I175.2	Add chestnuts to frying pan and continue to cook for an additional 3 – 5 min.
I175.3	Add marjoram to pan and continue to cook for an additional 1 – 2 min. Remove from heat, drain liquid, and set chestnuts aside. Discard marjoram.
I175.4	Roughly dice onion. Cut parsnip into medallions.
I175.5	In a large saucepan, sauté onions in some vegetable oil for approx. 3 – 5 min. until translucent. Add parsnips and chestnuts.
I175.6	Add vegetable broth to pan and stir well to incorporate. Allow to cook for approx. 10 – 15 min.
I175.7	Add cream to pan and stir well to incorporate.
I175.8	Using a hand blender, puree soup for approx. 1 – 2 min. until smooth. Season to taste with salt and serve hot. Enjoy!
R176	chicken-vegetable-skewers	4
I176.1	Peel onion, cut in half, and then cut halves into quarters. Cut green onion crosswise into slices and zucchini into medallion-sized pieces. In a large bowl, toss zucchini and onion with olive oil, salt, and pepper.
I176.2	In a small saucepan, combine rice, water, and salt. Bring to a boil, reduce heat, cover, and cook over low heat for approx. 10 min. Remove from heat and let sit, covered, for approx. another 10 min. Pat dry chicken breast with a paper towel. Cut into bite-sized pieces.
I176.3	Preheat oven to 200°C/390°F. Thread chicken, zucchini, and red onion onto wooden skewers. In a large frying pan, heat up olive oil over medium heat and sauté skewers for approx. 2 – 3 min. per side. Then, place on a parchment paper-lined baking sheet and place in preheated oven at 200°C/390°F and bake for approx. 10 – 12 min.
I176.4	Finely mince garlic. Then, in a small saucepan, mix together garlic, coconut milk, soy sauce, and sugar. Bring to a simmer over medium heat and cook for approx. 5 – 6 min. until creamy and slightly thick. Meanwhile, in a grease-free frying pan, toast sesame seeds over medium heat for approx. 1 – 2 min. until lightly brown and fragrant. Finally, fluff rice with a fork, transfer to a plate, top with chicken and vegetable skewers, and drizzle with coconut milk sauce. Garnish with roasted sesame seeds and chopped green onions. Enjoy!
R177	ottos-short-rib-red-pizza	6
I177.1	Preheat oven to 220°C/430°F. Halve oven-dried cherry tomatoes and slice red onion paper-thin.
I177.2	On a lightly floured surface, using your hands, stretch the dough carefully into an approx. 20cm round.
I177.3	On a heated pizza pan or a cast-iron skillet, mark the dough on both sides until slightly colored.
I177.4	Now, sprinkle the cheese evenly over the pizza crust, spread the topping of the shredded short rib and roasted cherry tomatoes.
I177.5	Sprinkle with salt and drizzle with vin cotta. Add paper-thin onion slices and top with some freshly ground pepper. Bake in a preheated oven under the broiler at 220˚C/430˚C for approx. 7 – 8 min.
I177.6	Slice and serve with some red hot chili flakes and extra virgin olive oil.
R178	variations-of-crostini	6
I178.1	Preheat the oven to 180°C/ 355°F. Cut baguette into slices and place on a baking tray with baking paper. Brush the slices with olive oil and bake in the preheated oven for approx. 10 – 12  min.
I178.2	For the bruschetta style crostini, finely dice garlic and shallots and cut basil leaves into thin strips. Next, quarter tomatoes, remove the cores and dice them.
I178.3	Mix the garlic, shallots, basil and tomatoes, seasoning with olive oil, balsamic vinegar, sugar, and salt and pepper. Spread on a third of the baked baguette slices.
I178.4	For the goat cheese crostini, first roast pine nuts in a frying pan until golden.
I178.5	Mix the goat cheese with honey and roasted pine nuts, season with salt and pepper. Spread the mixture on an additional third of the baguette slices.
I178.6	For the Parma ham crostini, first lay the arugula, then the Parma ham on the remaining baguette slices. Sprinkle thin Parmesan shavings over the slices. Serve a variation of all crostini.
R179	blueberry-mint-smash	2
I179.1	Add blueberries, mint, sugar and lime juice to a cocktail glass. Smash with a muddler or the end of a wooden spoon.
I179.2	Fill glass with ice, then top with alcohol-free sparkling wine. Gently stir to combine and garnish with mint leaves and blueberries.
R180	buche-de-noel	7
I180.1	Preheat oven to 180°C/350°F. Add part of the eggs and the sugar to a standing mixer. Beat until the color of the mixture is very pale and it has grown in volume. Add lemon zest. Sift flour, cornstarch, cocoa powder, and a pinch of salt into the mixer bowl. Beat until a smooth dough forms.
I180.2	Add vegetable oil to the dough and incorporate.
I180.3	Transfer dough to a lined baking sheet and even out surface. Bake in preheated oven at 180°C/350°F for approx. 10 – 15 min. Remove from oven and place on a wet kitchen towel. Carefully remove parchment paper and use the towel to gently roll your cake. This way you prevent the surface from cracking and ensure that you will be able to form a nice cake roll later.
I180.4	Gently melt chocolate over a water bath over medium heat. Once it has melted, set aside.
I180.5	Separate part of the eggs. Add yolk as well as remaining eggs to a large bowl. Place bowl on the water bath and whisk eggs until they are thickened.
I180.6	Beat cream until stiff. Add molten chocolate, orange zest, and instant espresso powder to the eggs and incorporate. Set aside to cool for approx. 10 min. When the mixture has cooled, gently fold whipped cream into chocolate mixture. Transfer to refrigerator and chill for approx. 1 h.
I180.7	Distribute two thirds of the cream over the cake and roll it up. Place on a long serving plate and decorate with remaining cream. It is traditional to pull the tines of a fork over the cream to make it look like tree bark. Bon appétit!
R181	beet-salad-with-citrusy-vinaigrette	4
I181.1	Chop half of the mint; set the rest aside. Zest lime. Crumble goat cheese. Thinly slice beets with a  mandolin.
I181.2	Toast the pine nuts over medium heat until golden brown. Set aside.
I181.3	In a small bowl, whisk together grapefruit juice, orange juice, lime juice, lime zest, olive oil, honey, and chopped mint.
I181.4	Arrange beets in an even layer on a plate. Pour vinaigrette over beets, add salt and pepper to taste, and garnish with pine nuts, goat cheese, and remaining mint leaves. Enjoy!
R182	lemon-chicken-tikka-masala	9
I182.1	Preheat oven to 200°C/390°F. Peel and finely dice garlic. Grate ginger. Zest and juice lemon. Wash chicken breasts, pat dry, and cut into bite-sized pieces.
I182.2	In a large mixing bowl, mix together chicken, yogurt, ginger, half of the garlic, half of the garam masala, lemon juice and zest, and some salt.
I182.3	Cut tomatoes into small dices. Peel and finely dice onion. Pluck cilantro leaves from stem and finely dice stem.
I182.4	In a large saucepan, sauté onion, remainder of garlic, chopped chili, and cilantro stems in vegetable oil over high heat for approx. 1 min. Then, add diced tomato, remainder of garam masala, and continue to cook for another 3 min.
I182.5	Transfer marinated chicken to a parchment-lined baking sheet and bake in preheated oven 180°C/390°F for approx. 15 min. until golden brown.
I182.6	In a separate large saucepan, add rice, water, and salt. Bring to a boil, cover, reduce heat to low, and cook for approx. 12 – 14 min. until rice is tender and has absorbed all the liquid.
I182.7	Add cream and bouillon to first pan, bring to a boil for approx. 1 – 2 min., reduce heat, and continue to cook for another 10 min.
I182.8	Add baked chicken to pan and stir well to incorporate. Transfer rice to a serving plate, ladle lemon chicken tikka masala on top, and garnish with cilantro leaves.
I182.9	Kochhaus wishes you happy cooking!
R183	creamy-quinoa-porridge	5
I183.1	Rinse quinoa in a fine sieve under cold water. Combine quinoa with water and a pinch of salt in a medium pot and bring to a boil. Turn down the heat to simmer and cover. Cook for approx. 15 min. or until the seeds have become translucent. In the meantime, toast pumpkin and sesame seeds over medium heat until golden brown. Set aside.
I183.2	For the toppings, core apple, pit peach, and finely dice dates, apple, and peach. Slice banana. Transfer cooked quinoa to a large bowl. Add cashew cream.
I183.3	Top quinoa with toasted pumpkin seeds and sesame seeds.
I183.4	Add finely diced dates, apple, and peach together with the sliced banana and mixed berries.
I183.5	Mix together and serve in small bowls. If desired, garnish with more fruit. Top with pumpkin seed oil.
R184	tagliatelle-with-pesto-and-bresaola	6
I184.1	Cut bresaola into thin strips, approx. 0.5 cm wide.
I184.2	Now cook tagliatelle in salted boiling water, according to package instructions, until al dente. Then strain the water and set aside.
I184.3	In the meantime, roast pine nuts in a small frying pan until brown, then finely chop them.
I184.4	For the pesto, roughly chop basil, then mince it in a food processor with vegetable oil and salt.
I184.5	Now mix the chopped pine nuts and grated parmesan with the basil in a small bowl and season the pesto with sugar, salt, and pepper.
I184.6	Toss the tagliatelle in with the pesto. For this you can use the same pot as the tagliatelle was cooked in. Arrange the strips of bresaola on top of the pasta to serve.
R185	butter-chicken	9
I185.1	Cut carrots and bell pepper into small cubes. Dice onion, garlic, and ginger. Finely slice green onion.
I185.2	Cut chicken into strips.
I185.3	Heat some vegetable oil in a large saucepan over medium heat. Sauté garlic and ginger for approx. 2 – 3 min. Then, add tomato paste and continue to sauté.
I185.4	Add red curry paste and lightly roast. Stir occasionally to avoid burning.
I185.5	Deglaze with coconut milk.
I185.6	Add chicken, onion, carrot, and bell pepper to saucepan.
I185.7	Add curry powder, turmeric, garam masala, salt, and pepper and stir to combine. Continue to cook over medium-low heat, stirring occasionally, until chicken is cooked through and vegetables are tender, approx. 15 – 20 min.
I185.8	Reduce heat to low and stir in cashews, melted butter, and yogurt. Season to taste.
I185.9	Garnish with green onions. Enjoy with potatoes, rice, or naan.
R186	greek-inspired-wrap	3
I186.1	Combine tzatziki, mint, and lemon zest in a small bowl. Mix well.
I186.2	Chop lettuce. Halve olives. Cut onion, cucumber, and bell pepper into strips. In the middle of the tortilla, layer lettuce, onion, cucumber, bell pepper, tzatziki mixture, and bell pepper cream. Crumble feta on top and drizzle with lemon juice. Be careful not to overfill.
I186.3	Fold in the sides of the tortilla, use your thumbs to bring forward the bottom of the tortilla, and continue to roll. Tightly seal. Cut in half and enjoy!
R187	bavarian-cream-with-raspberry-sauce	10
I187.1	In a large saucepan, bring rice milk and coconut milk to a boil over medium-high heat.
I187.2	Cut vanilla bean in half and add to pan.
I187.3	In a small bowl, mix together the agar-agar and arrowroot starch with a little water until smooth.
I187.4	Add agar-agar mixture to saucepan and whisk to incorporate; bring to a boil for approx. 1 – 2 min.
I187.5	Add cashews, liqueur, salt, vegetable oil, agave nectar, and rice milk mixture to blender; mix on high speed for approx. 1 – 2 min. until smooth and creamy.
I187.6	Pour cream into small jars for serving; refrigerate for approx. 3 – 4 hrs. until cooled and set.
I187.7	Add two-thirds of the raspberries to a small saucepan and bring to a boil over medium-high heat to defrost.
I187.8	Add warm raspberries to blender, as well as dates and lemon zest. Mix on high speed for approx. 1 min. until smooth. For a smoother finish, strain sauce through a sieve and discard large pieces of fruit.
I187.9	Return raspberry sauce to pan and reheat over medium heat. Add remainder of frozen berries to blender and pulse for approx. 10 – 15 sec. Garnish cream with raspberry sauce, frozen raspberry pieces, and toasted coconut flakes, if desired. Enjoy!
I187.10	Dieses und weitere schnelle Rezepte von Sebastian findest du in seinem Buch Fit-MIX (SZ Verlag).
R188	refreshing-prosecco-creation-with-red-berries	4
I188.1	Soften gelatin in cold water.
I188.2	In a small saucepan boil sugar with water, vanilla seeds, and the zest of one lemon.
I188.3	Add softened gelatin to the hot mixture. Remove from the stove and leave to cool at room temperature for approx. 20 - 30 min.
I188.4	Distribute frozen berries in serving glasses. Add Prosecco to the cooled mixture in the sauce pan, whisk and immediately pour over the frozen berries. Leave to chill for at least 10 min. to allow the gelatin to solidify.
R189	pork-tenderloin-with-potatoes-and-peas	4
I189.1	Peel and halve potatoes. Transfer to cooking container and steam at 100°C/210°F for approx. 20 min.
I189.2	Mix olive oil, some of the mustard, salt, and pepper in a large bowl. Cut pork tenderloin into equal-sized pieces and add to bowl. Toss to coat. Transfer to cooking container and steam at 100°C/210°F for approx. 15 min.
I189.3	Add meat stock, cream, and remaining mustard to a small saucepan set over medium heat. Mix starch with some water, add to saucepan and bring to boil. Season with salt and pepper and keep warm on low heat until remaining ingredients are ready to be served.
I189.4	Transfer peas to cooking container and steam at 100°C/210°F for approx. 2 min. Serve pork tenderloin, potatoes, and peas with sauce. Enjoy!
R190	mexican-mole-chicken	3
I190.1	Preheat oven to 180°C/350°F. Chop tomatoes, cilantro, and chocolate. Remove skin from chicken thighs.
I190.2	In blender, combine tomatoes, cilantro, almonds, peanuts, sesame seeds, cloves, cinnamon, anise, smoked chili flakes, and salt. Blend until well combined.
I190.3	Heat a large ovenproof pan over medium heat. Add sauce and cook for approx. 5 min., stirring occasionally, until it starts to bubble. Add vegetable stock and bring to a boil, then add chocolate and stir until melted and combined. Return sauce to blender and blend until smooth. Transfer sauce back to pan over medium heat and season with salt, pepper, and sugar. Add chicken to pan, coating it with the sauce. Let simmer for approx. 5 – 10 min, or until sauce has thickened slightly. Transfer pan to oven and bake at 180°C/350°F for approx. 20 minutes, or until chicken is cooked through and sauce has turned a deep golden brown. Serve over cauliflower rice and garnish with cilantro. Enjoy!
R191	chicken-and-broccoli-stir-fry	3
I191.1	Remove florets from broccoli. Peel and slice red onion and garlic. Peel and chop ginger. Cut green onions into fine rings, chop cilantro, and cut chicken breasts into strips. In a measuring cup, mix chicken stock, soy sauce, and rice wine and stir to combine.
I191.2	Toast peanuts in a wok set over medium-high heat for approx. 2 – 3 min., or until golden brown and fragrant. Remove from pan and set aside.
I191.3	Heat peanut oil in wok and sauté garlic and ginger for approx. 2 min. Add chicken breast, onion, and broccoli and fry for approx. 3 – 5 min. Add chicken stock mixture and let simmer for approx. 3 – 5 min. Season with pepper. Add toasted peanuts, green onion, and cilantro to wok, then remove from heat and stir to combine. Enjoy!
R192	scallion-pancakes	6
I192.1	Combine the flour and water in a large mixing bowl. Work into a smooth dough. Set aside.
I192.2	Halve the white tops of half of the scallions lengthwise, then roughly chop them; finely chop remaining scallions. Julienne the onion.
I192.3	In a small saucepan over medium heat, heat enough oil to cover the roughly chopped scallions and onion, and continue to fry them for approx. 10 min. until golden brown. Remove from heat and set aside.
I192.4	Divide dough in half and flour a work surface. Roll each piece of dough into a long, thin strip and coat with a small spoonful of scallion-infused oil, five spice powder, and salt. Sprinkle remaining chopped scallions on top, reserving some for garnishing.
I192.5	Tightly roll the dough into a ball from one of the short ends; press down with the palm of your hand. Cover with plastic wrap and let rest for approx. 10 – 15 min. Remove plastic wrap and roll into a large, flat pancake, approx. size of the frying pan.
I192.6	Heat some of the remaining scallion-infused oil in a large frying pan over medium-high heat. Add the pancake and cook for 2 – 3 min. per side until golden brown. Transfer to a paper towel-lined plate to drain. Cut into wedges for serving and garnish with remaining chopped scallions. Enjoy!
R193	watermelon-fizz	3
I193.1	Peel and cube watermelon, then purée. Pass through a sieve into a measuring cup to extract juice.
I193.2	Fill ice cube tray approx. 2/3 of the way up with watermelon juice. Add an equal numer of frozen blackberries to each cube. Freeze for approx. 6 hrs. or until frozen through.
I193.3	Add an ice cube to each glass, then fill with dry sparkling wine. Garnish with grapefruit zest. Cheers!
R194	breakfast-blueberry-waffles	6
I194.1	Zest lemon and orange and set aside. In a standing mixer, add flour, cream, egg yolk, butter, part of vanilla bean, part of lemon zest, and a pinch of salt. Beat until a smooth, even dough forms. Transfer to a bowl and set aside.
I194.2	Add egg whites and part of sugar to standing mixer with a fresh bowl and beat until stiff peaks form.
I194.3	In a large bowl, fold egg whites and sugar into rest of the batter.
I194.4	For the blueberry sauce, caramelize remainder of sugar in a large saucepan over medium-low heat for approx. 3 – 5 min., stirring constantly. Deglaze with lemon and orange juice. Then, add frozen blueberries, remainder of vanilla pod, and zest from lemon and orange and continue to cook for approx. 5 – 7 min. until sauce thickens.
I194.5	Add fresh blueberries to pan and continue to cook for another 1 – 2 min.
I194.6	Preheat a waffle maker and grease with some butter. Pour some of the batter into waffle maker and cook for approx. 3 – 4 min. or until golden brown. Serve straightaway with blueberry sauce. Garnish with confectioner’s sugar, if desired.
R195	italian-focaccia	4
I195.1	Thinly slice half of garlic and mince the rest. Finely chop rosemary.
I195.2	Dissolve yeast and sugar in lukewarm water and let sit for approx. 15 to 20 minutes, or until mixture is foamy. Sift flour into standing mixer. Pour yeast and sugar into standing mixer.
I195.3	Add olive oil, salt, paprika, garlic, and rosemary to stand mixer and mix for approx. 10 min, scraping down the bowl as needed. Cover and set dough aside to let rise in a warm place for approx. 60 min., or until almost doubled in size.
I195.4	Flatten out dough until it is approx. the thickness of your thumb. Transfer to a parchment-lined baking sheet. Lightly press holes into the surface of dough with index finger. Cover dough again, then, preheat oven to 200°C/400°F. Before placing dough in oven, once again lightly press holes into its surface with index finger. Brush with olive oil and garnish with rest of garlic and rosemary. Bake in preheated oven at 200°C/400°F. for approx. 20 – 25 min. Remove from oven and sprinkle with sea salt. Enjoy!
R196	baked-vanilla-pudding-with-hot-raspberries	7
I196.1	Preheat oven to 110°C/230°F. Add milk, heavy cream, a third of the sugar, the seeds of one vanilla bean, and a small pinch of salt to a saucepan. Bring mixture to a slight boil.
I196.2	Whisk together egg yolks, egg, and another third of the sugar.
I196.3	Now, add the hot milk mixture to the beaten egg mixture. Whisk vigorously until everything is well combined. Work quickly to prevent lumps.
I196.4	Transfer the mixture into baking tins and bake in a preheated oven at 110°C/230°F for approx. 40 – 45 min. until fully set. Then, remove from oven and let cool.
I196.5	Before serving, prepare the sauce. Add red wine, raspberry brandy, the remaining sugar, and a cinnamon stick to a saucepan. Bring everything to a boil and let simmer until the sugar has fully dissolved.
I196.6	Then, add the raspberries and let them sit in the hot mixture for approx. 10 min. until they are fully warmed through. Do not let the mixture boil anymore since that will destroy the structure of the raspberries.
I196.7	To finish, dissolve cornstarch in a bit of water and carefully stir into raspberry sauce until thickened to desire. Serve on top of hot or cold vanilla pudding and enjoy.
R197	kale-salad-with-spicy-chickpeas	6
I197.1	Remove stems from kale. Roughly chop or tear leaves with your hands. Transfer to a large mixing bowl along with some of the lemon juice and olive oil. Mix to coat and massage oil into kale to soften. Set aside.
I197.2	Heat some olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add drained chickpeas and fry until golden and crisp, approx. 15 min. Transfer to a paper towel-lined plate to drain.
I197.3	Combine paprika powder, cayenne, coriander, and salt in a mixing bowl. Add fried chickpeas and toss to combine. Season with salt and pepper. Set aside.
I197.4	Mince garlic and slice onion. Add onions to kale.
I197.5	Blend or whisk together tahini, garlic, olive oil, lemon juice, and water. Add more water to loosen consistency if needed. Season with salt and pepper.
I197.6	Add dressing to kale and toss to combine. Transfer salad to serving bowls and top with fried chickpeas. Enjoy!
R198	asian-inspired-lemonade	5
I198.1	In a small saucepan, caramelize sugar over medium-low heat until slightly thickened and amber in color. Deglaze with lemon juice.
I198.2	Gently smash lemongrass and cut into thirds. Peel and thinly slice ginger. Zest and juice lime. Add all ingredients to pan. Simmer until reduced by half to a syrup.
I198.3	Remove lemongrass from pan.
I198.4	Fill glasses with ice. Fill three-quarters full with sparkling water. Add two to three spoons of syrup and stir.
I198.5	Garnish with a sprig of fresh mint leaves. Enjoy!
R199	poached-eggs-on-avocado-toast	4
I199.1	Toast bread in an ungreased grill pan, approx. 2 – 3 min. per side.
I199.2	Juice lime. Remove pit from avocado. Slice avocado and layer slices on top of the toast. Season with lime juice, salt, and pepper.
I199.3	In a medium saucepan, bring salted water to a boil. Then reduce heat and add white vinegar. Crack eggs into separate cups. Stir water continuously with a cooking spoon to form a whirlpool. Then carefully pour eggs, one by one, into water. Cook eggs for 3 – 4 min, then use a slotted spoon to gently remove from water.
I199.4	Set on top of toast and season with salt and pepper to taste. Enjoy!
R200	aromatic-roasted-vegetables	3
I200.1	Preheat oven to 220°C/425°F. Crush garlic cloves. Remove ends and outer layer of leek then cut into bite-sized pieces. Cut bell peppers into strips. Peel carrots and parsley roots then cut into sticks.
I200.2	Transfer vegetables and crushed garlic into a large bowl. Generously season with salt and pepper. Separate rosemary leaves from stems then mix in with vegetables. Add in olive oil. Mix well until all vegetables are fully coated.
I200.3	Transfer marinated vegetables to a casserole dish. Roast in a preheated oven at 220°C/425°F for approx. 20 – 30 min. until caramelized and tender. Enjoy with a main course or by itself.
R201	pistachio-macarons-with-lemon-buttercream	7
I201.1	In a standing mixer, beat egg whites until foamy. Add confectioner’s sugar and food coloring and continue to beat until stiff white peaks form. Sift ground almonds through a sieve into egg whites and gently fold in by hand.
I201.2	Transfer batter to piping bag.
I201.3	Preheat oven to 140°C/285°F. Line a baking sheet with a silicone baking mat. Pipe batter onto baking sheet to form poker chip-sized rounds, taking care to leave space between each. Gently tap baking sheet on kitchen counter to release air bubbles. Allow to sit at room temperature for approx. 30 min. Bake in a preheated oven at 140°C/285°F for approx. 10 – 12 min. Remove from oven and allow to cool.
I201.4	Finely chop pistachios.
I201.5	In a standing mixer, beat together butter and confectioner’s sugar until butter is white in color. Add marzipan, lemon zest, chopped pistachios, lemon marmalade and continue to beat until creamy and smooth.
I201.6	Transfer lemon buttercream to a piping bag.
I201.7	Pipe approx. 1 tsp of buttercream onto the bottom half of a macaron. Place another half on top and lightly press. Repeat until all macarons are assembled. Enjoy with afternoon tea or give as a thoughtful gift!
R202	frittata-with-young-vegetables-and-goat-cheese	5
I202.1	Preheat the oven to 180°C/350°F. Finely dice bacon and pepper. Slice green onions into fine rings and sugar snap peas into thin strips. Finely slice chives.
I202.2	Fry bacon and pepper in some vegetable oil. Add green onions and sugar snap peas and continue to sauté. Season well with salt and pepper and cook on medium heat for approx. 4 - 5 min.
I202.3	Meanwhile, beat eggs with chives and season generously with salt and pepper.
I202.4	Now add half of the goat cheese to the fried vegetables and gently mix in. Pour the egg mixture over the vegetables.
I202.5	As soon as the mixture has started to set on the bottom, add the remaining goat cheese on top. Lightly season with pepper and bake at 180°C/350°F for approx. 5 - 6 min. Grate Parmesan on the frittata and serve warm.
R203	turkish-inspired-red-lentil-soup	5
I203.1	Peel onion, potato, carrot and garlic. Cut potato, carrot, bell pepper, and onion into bite-size pieces. Halve tomatoes and mince garlic and chili.
I203.2	Melt some of the butter in a medium-sized pot over medium-high heat. Add onions and sauté until translucent. Add garlic, chili, tomatoes, bell pepper, carrot, potato, some of the ground paprika, and lentils. Cook for approx. 3 – 5 more min.
I203.3	Add vegetable broth and let simmer for approx. 15 min., or until lentils are cooked through.
I203.4	In a small pot, melt remaining butter over medium-low heat and add ground paprika. Stir to combine and set aside.
I203.5	Blend soup until smooth with a hand blender. Add salt, pepper, and lemon juice to taste. Serve with fresh parsley, lemon zest, and a drizzle of the butter-paprika mixture. Enjoy!
R204	fettuccine-alfredo	4
I204.1	Peel and chop garlic. Finely chop parsley.
I204.2	Melt some of the butter in a saucepan over medium-low heat. Add garlic and fry for approx. 1 min. Transfer cream to saucepan and season with salt and pepper. Simmer for approx. 3 min. or until slightly thickened. Stir occasionally. Add Parmesan cheese and remove saucepan from heat.
I204.3	Bring water to a boil. Add salt and fettucine and cook until al dente. Drain cooked fettucine and add to the cream sauce. Toss to combine. Put the saucepan back on the heat, add chopped parsley and butter, and toss again to coat.
I204.4	Add salt and pepper to taste. Serve with extra Parmesan cheese. Enjoy!
R205	sparkling-cobbler	3
I205.1	Halve seasonal fruit if needed. Add some of the crushed ice to serving glass. Top with seasonal, halved fruit.
I205.2	Fill glass with non-alcoholic sparkling wine.
I205.3	Top with more crushed ice, as well as more seasonal fruit. Sprinkle with powdered sugar and garnish with mint. Cheers!
R206	moroccan-inspired-chickpea-stew	5
I206.1	Peel and finely dice onion and garlic. Peel carrots and sweet potatoes and cut into bite-size pieces. Deseed and dice bell pepper. Remove leaves and core from fennel and chop rest into small pieces. Wash kale, remove leaves from stems, and cut or tear into bite-size pieces.
I206.2	In a large pot, heat the olive oil over medium heat. Add onion and garlic and sear quickly. Lower heat, add all of the spices, and sauté for approx. 2 min. Add sweet potatoes, carrots, bell pepper and fennel and sauté for approx. 2 more min.
I206.3	Stir in water, vegetable stock, and tomatoes and bring to a boil. Reduce heat and let simmer for approx. 15 – 20 min. until sweet potatoes are softened, but still firm.
I206.4	Meanwhile, prepare quinoa according to package instructions, boiling it with the cider vinegar and some of the lemon juice. When little white rings begin to form around the grains, drain any excess water and set quinoa aside.
I206.5	Add chickpeas to stew and let simmer for approx. 10 min. Before serving, add kale and salt to taste. Serve with fresh herbs and lemon juice. Enjoy!
R207	pasta-verde	4
I207.1	Cook pasta in plenty of salted, boiling water according to package instructions for approx. 10 – 12 min. until al dente. Drain, save some pasta water and set aside.
I207.2	In a food processor, finely puree arugula, basil, almonds, Parmesan cheese, salt, and pepper.
I207.3	Stir herb mixture into Greek yogurt. Season again with lemon juice and salt and pepper to taste.
I207.4	In a large bowl, combine cooked pasta with yogurt-pesto. If the pasta seems too dry, add some of the previously saved pasta water. Serve with shavings of Parmesan cheese.
R208	lentil-stew-with-sausages	4
I208.1	Cut potatoes, carrots, and celery root into bite-sized pieces. Cut bacon into small cubes and sausages into rounds. Finely slice leeks and parsley.
I208.2	In a large saucepan, melt butter over medium-high heat and fry bacon for approx. 3 – 5 min. until browned. Add carrots, celery root, and leeks and fry for approx. 3 - 5 min. until slightly browned.
I208.3	Deglaze with vegetable stock. Add potatoes and lentils. Season with salt to taste. Stir thoroughly and let simmer for approx. 25 - 30 min. until potatoes and lentils are tender.
I208.4	Add sausages and let simmer for approx. 5 - 7 min. until they are hot. Add vinegar and sugar. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Add parsley and serve immediately. Enjoy with a slice of crusty bread!
R209	hearty-vegetarian-stew	7
I209.1	Peel potatoes and celery root and cut into walnut-sized cubes. Cut onions into slices. Pick herb leaves and roughly chop. Cut flesh of the Hokkaido pumpkin into equally sized cubes.
I209.2	In a large saucepan, sauté onions in butter until translucent. Then, add cubed potatoes, pumpkin, and celery root and continue to sauté for approx. 5 min. Stir in tomato paste and continue to cook until the paste has lightly browned.
I209.3	Stir in pickling onions.
I209.4	Deglaze with red wine. Then add vegetable stock and bring to a boil.
I209.5	Add in chopped herbs. Reduce to a simmer and allow to cook for approx. 15 - 20 min. until the vegetables are tender and the sauce has slightly thickened. Stir regularly.
I209.6	In the meantime, roughly chop parsley.
I209.7	In a small bowl, dissolve cornstarch in some water. Add mixture to the stew until thickened to desired consistency. Stir in chopped parsley and serve with a dollop of sour cream.
R210	speculaas-cake-with-plum-compote	7
I210.1	Mix flour and sugar in a mixing bowl until combined. Add egg and butter, and mix with your hands until a crumbly dough forms. Form into a disc, wrap tightly in plastic, and transfer to the refrigerator to chill for approx. 30 – 60 min.
I210.2	Meanwhile, make the filling by combining sugar, cornstarch, and speculaas spice in a mixing bowl. Add sour cream and egg and mix to combine. Set aside.
I210.3	Preheat oven to 180°C/350°F. Take the dough out of the refrigerator and roll it into a circle roughly the size of the baking pan. Butter the springform pan, then gently press crust into the bottom.
I210.4	Spread sour cream filling evenly over the crust. Transfer pan to oven and bake at 180°C/350°F for approx. 20 – 30 min.
I210.5	Meanwhile, pit and slice plums. Add port wine and red wine to a small saucepan over medium-low heat. Add spices and sugar and simmer for approx. 10 min. Add plums and cook for an additional 5 min., then stir in the cornstarch. Remove from heat and set aside.
I210.6	Serve cooled cake in slices topped with plum compote. Enjoy!
I210.7	Serve cooled cake in slices topped with plum compote. Enjoy!
R211	virgin-mary	2
I211.1	In a measuring cup, mix together tomato juice, Worcester sauce, Tabasco, and lemon juice.
I211.2	Pour into a glass. Garnish with celery and freshly ground black pepper. Enjoy with brunch!
R212	spring-rolls	4
I212.1	Peel and finely slice ginger and garlic. Peel carrots, then julienne them, along with green onions and white cabbage.
I212.2	Add oil to a wok and fry ground pork for approx. 2 – 3 min. until browned. Add carrots and white cabbage and cook on low heat until softened for approx. 6 – 7 min. . Add sliced ginger, garlic, and green onions.  Season with five spice powder, salt, pepper, and dark soy sauce to taste.
I212.3	Stir together egg, flour, and water in a small bowl. Add pork filling to spring rolls wrappers, wrap, and seal the edges. Coat with batter.
I212.4	Heat oil in a deep pan and fry for approx. 3 – 4 min. until golden brown. Degrease on paper towels. Enjoy!
R213	pear-meringue-tart	7
I213.1	Preheat oven to 180°C/355°F. In a food processor, combine almond cookies, hazelnuts and melted butter. Blend until smooth.
I213.2	Press base into bottom and up sides of tarte tin (greased if necessary).
I213.3	Peel pears, remove core, and cut into small cubes.
I213.4	Zest citrus fruit. Then, combine pears, spices, honey, lemon and orange zest, and a little bit of water in a saucepan. Bring to a boil and let simmer for approx. 15 min. Drain.
I213.5	In a bowl, mix together pears, almond slivers, brandy, vanilla seeds, and sultanas. Place mixture on top of the base.
I213.6	With a standing mixer or a hand mixer beat egg whites until stiff. As soon as they begin to foam, gradually add sugar. The bowl and the beater should be free from any kind of grease to create the desired consistency.
I213.7	Place meringue on top of the tart filling. Bake in preheated oven at 180°C/355°F for approx. 10 min. until lightly colored.
R214	quinoa-breakfast-bowl	4
I214.1	Place quinoa in sieve and run under cold water. Add fresh water to a saucepan, add quinoa and stock cube, and cook according to package instructions. Set aside.
I214.2	Cut tomatoes into halves. Pick rosemary from stem and roughly chop. Remove pit and peel avocado, cut into bite-sized cubes and set aside. Add olive oil to pan over medium-high heat. Add tomatoes, rosemary, and agave syrup and cook for approx. 15 mins. or until tomatoes thicken. Stir occasionally, then set aside.
I214.3	For the miso sauce, add white miso paste, mustard, sesame oil, neutral plant oil, lemon juice, and water to a small bowl and mix until the texture is smooth. Season to taste with salt and pepper.
I214.4	Add water to a small saucepan and bring to a boil. Cook eggs for approx. 6 min., peel, then set aside. Add quinoa to a serving bowl and top with avocado cubes, cooked tomatoes, and fresh baby spinach. Place egg in the middle and finish the bowl off with some miso sauce, a sprinkle of dukkah, and beetroot sprouts. Add more salt, pepper, and lemon juice as desired and enjoy!
R215	baked-penne-with-salmon-and-leeks	8
I215.1	Cook pasta in plenty of salted, boiling water, according to package instructions, for approx. 5 – 8 min. Make sure that it is not fully cooked through. Drain and set aside.
I215.2	Preheat oven to 200°C/390°F. Dice salmon into bite-sized pieces. Season with salt and pepper.
I215.3	Wash leek and cut into thin slices.
I215.4	Sauté leeks in some olive oil for approx. 3 – 5 min. Season with lemon juice and salt and pepper.
I215.5	Heat up vegetable stock, then stir in cream cheese until dissolved. Season with horseradish, nutmeg, salt, and pepper.
I215.6	Add salmon and sautéed leeks to the sauce. Mix carefully.
I215.7	Grease baking dish with some olive oil and spread cooked pasta in the bottom. Add sauce and mix until evenly distributed.
I215.8	Top with grated Gouda cheese and bake for approx. 30 – 35 min. at 200°C/390°F until golden. Serve with a salad on the side.
R216	safari-smoothie	3
I216.1	Peel and slice ginger. Cut pineapple into chunks.
I216.2	Add pineapple, ginger, carrot juice, orange juice, ice cubes, and honey to blender. Add lime juice.
I216.3	Blend all ingredients until smooth for approx. 2 - 3 min. Enjoy immediately.
R217	wake-up-smoothie	4
I217.1	Gently wash spinach. Roughly chop spinach, pear, apple, and banana. Add all ingredients to blender.
I217.2	Spoon out kiwis and add to blender.
I217.3	Pour in orange juice.
I217.4	Blend until smooth, approx. 2 – 3 min. Ready to enjoy immediately.
R218	lentil-croquettes-with-cilantro-lime-salad	9
I218.1	Add lentils, garlic, and millet to a large saucepan. Cover with water, bring to a boil and cook for approx. 15 – 20 min. until tender. Stir occasionally. Drain and set aside.
I218.2	Roughly chop parsley, dill, and cilantro. Dice carrot and onion into large pieces.
I218.3	Pulse lentils, garlic, millet, peas, onion, and carrot in kitchen processor.
I218.4	Thoroughly mix together lentil puree, breadcrumbs, and flour.
I218.5	Season lentil and breadcrumb mixture with paprika, curry powder, salt and pepper, and parts of the sugar. Stir to combine. Then, fold in dill and parsley.
I218.6	Tear romaine hearts into pieces. Segment lime and toss salad with chopped cilantro and lime wedges.
I218.7	Juice the lime. Season salad to taste with olive oil, lime juice, sugar, salt, and pepper.
I218.8	Add a generous amount oil to frying pan and heat over medium-high heat.
I218.9	Form lentil mixture into medium-sized patties. Fry in pan over medium-high heat until crisp and golden-brown for approx. 3 – 4 min. on each side. Transfer to a plate lined with paper towel and allow to rest for approx. 2 – 3 min. Serve on a bed of cilantro-lime salad and enjoy!
R219	grilled-whole-red-lobster	6
I219.1	Parboil the lobster so you don’t end up with a nicely grilled outside and raw inside. Drop the Lobster in a pot of boiling water and cook for approx. 5 min.
I219.2	Now, remove the lobster and shock it in an ice bath to stop it from cooking any further.
I219.3	Slice the lobster lengthwise all the way through into two halves. Clean out the tomalley (green stuff).
I219.4	With the same knife, cut small slits in the claws to vent while cooking.
I219.5	Brush the exposed meat with a mixture of melted butter, lemon juice, a little salt and freshly grounded pepper, and, if you want, some minced garlic.
I219.6	Clean and lightly oil the grill and get your coals at medium heat. Lay lobster with flesh side down and cook for about 5 min. Turn it over, brush more lemon butter and cook shell side down for another 5 min. When finished the meat should be firm and opaque all the way through. Serve with lemon butter.
R220	oatmeal-bars	5
I220.1	Preheat the oven to 170°C/350°F. Roughly chop cranberries, dried fruit, hazelnuts, and walnuts.
I220.2	In a large saucepan, melt butter and add honey, vanilla sugar, and brown sugar. Stir thoroughly to combine.
I220.3	Add oats, coconut, chopped nuts, dried fruit, and cranberries. Stir thoroughly to combine.
I220.4	Add oat mixture to a parchment paper-lined baking dish. Bake in preheated oven at 170°C/350°F for approx. 15 - 20 min. until golden. Allow to cool off for approx. 15 - 20 min.
I220.5	Cut baked oats into bars. Enjoy as a light snack!
R221	watermelon-and-goat-cheese-salad-with-walnuts	5
I221.1	Juice the lime. Slice mint leaves into fine strips. Cut watermelon into bite-sized pieces.
I221.2	Place the cut watermelon and mint into a large bowl and season with lime juice, olive oil, sugar, salt, and pepper.
I221.3	Gently break walnuts apart by hand and add to the water melon.
I221.4	Wash and dry arugula and add to watermelon.
I221.5	Mix everything together and crumble goat cheese on top. Serve on a plate and decorate with fresh mint leaves as desired.
R222	raspberry-granita-with-mint-yogurt	8
I222.1	Zest lime and juice it.
I222.2	Boil water with sugar, add raspberries and let simmer for approx. 10 – 12 min. on low heat.
I222.3	Next, puree everything with the hand blender.
I222.4	Now strain the mixture through a strainer into a large bowl.
I222.5	Add white wine, raspberry brandy, lime juice, and lime zest and mix well with a whisk.
I222.6	Pour the liquid into a baking dish approx. 25cm x 35cm and put into the freezer.
I222.7	After approx. 2 – 3 hours, when the edges are partly frozen, stir the mixture once with a fork. Then, leave in the freezer for at least an additional 2 – 3 hours to solidify.
I222.8	For the mint yogurt, mix natural yogurt with confectioner's sugar and the lime juice. Cut the mint leaves into thin strips and fold into the yogurt.
R223	garden-cress-crepes	4
I223.1	In a stand mixer, beat together the flour, eggs, butter, salt, and milk for approx. 3 – 5 min. until a smooth, even batter forms. Cover  bowl and transfer to fridge for approx. 1 hr.
I223.2	In a fresh stand mixer bowl, beat together crème fraiche, sugar, lemon and orange zest, and cress for approx. 2 – 3 min. until the crème fraiche is stiff and all ingredients well-mixed. Season with salt and pepper to taste.
I223.3	Melt some butter in a large frying pan over medium-high heat and cook crepes for approx. 1 min. per side until golden brown. Transfer to a plate and let cool completely.
I223.4	When the crepes have cooled down, spread an even, thin layer of crème fraiche on top, fill with smoked salmon, and roll up for serving. Garnish with a dollop of crème fraiche and salmon caviar.
R224	hot-toddy	3
I224.1	Pour hot water into a mug. Add honey, cloves, and cinnamon stick. Allow to cool for approx. 2 – 3 min.
I224.2	Cut lemon into thin slices.
I224.3	Add brandy and lemon juice to mug. Lightly stir. Enjoy!
R225	chicken-and-cheddar-quesadillas-with-salad	4
I225.1	Wash bell pepper and cucumber. Remove seeds, cut into fine slices, and transfer to a large mixing bowl. Roughly chop cilantro and mint and add to bowl. Season with lime zest, lime juice, salt, and pepper. Stir to combine and let sit to marinate.
I225.2	Peel and finely dice red onion and  green onions. Peel, pit, and dice avocado. Transfer all to a bowl and add cheddar, yogurt, and corn. Stir to combine and season with paprika powder, salt, and pepper.
I225.3	Cut chicken breast into strips and season with salt and pepper. Heat oil in a frying pan set over medium-high heat. Fry chicken breast for approx. 3 – 4 min., or until golden brown. Add to bowl with cheddar-yogurt mixture and stir to combine.
I225.4	Top half of a wheat tortilla with the filling, then fold the tortilla in half to close. Repeat with remaining tortillas and filling. Fry each tortilla in a greased pan on both sides until golden bowl. Slice into wedges and serve with salad. Enjoy!
R226	classic-italian-lasagna	7
I226.1	Finely chop garlic. Peel and dice onion and carrots.
I226.2	Heat some olive oil in a large frying pan and sauté onions, carrots, and garlic. Add ground beef to brown, breaking it up with a cooking spoon. Season with salt and pepper.
I226.3	Now, add crushed tomatoes and season again with salt and pepper. Simmer covered over medium heat for approx. 15 - 20 min. Stir in dried oregano.
I226.4	Meanwhile, preheat oven to 200°C/390°F. For the béchamel sauce, melt butter in a small sauce pan. Add flour and sauté, stirring constantly to form a roux.
I226.5	Add cold milk in portions and reduce over medium heat, stirring occasionally, for approx. 5 – 8 min. Season with nutmeg and salt and pepper.
I226.6	Cover bottom of baking dish with a layer of meat sauce. Top with lasagna sheets and béchamel sauce. Repeat procedure until ingredients are used up. Finish off with béchamel sauce.
I226.7	Top with freshly grated Parmesan and bake in preheated oven at 200°C/390°F for approx. 30 – 40 min. on the middle rack until golden. Serve hot in baking dish.
R227	rigatoni-with-salsiccia-and-ricotta	9
I227.1	Fill a large saucepan halfway with water; bring to a boil over high heat, then add the salt. Add rigatoni and cook, according to package instructions, for approx. 10 - 12 min. until al dente. Drain pasta, reserving some of the pasta water, and set aside.
I227.2	Meanwhile, peel and mince garlic cloves; finely dice onion.
I227.3	Lightly slice along the length of the salsiccia and remove the casing.
I227.4	Heat up olive oil in a large frying pan over medium heat. Add chopped onion and garlic, and sauté for approx. 3 – 5 min. until onions are translucent and garlic begins to turn golden brown. Be careful not to burn the garlic!
I227.5	Crumble salsiccia into pan and sauté, stirring occasionally, for approx. 3 – 5 min. until browned. Take care to not let the salsiccia stick to the bottom of the pan.
I227.6	Deglaze with red wine; scrape bottom of pan with wooden spatula. Continue to cook for another 2 – 3 min. Add tomato purée and season to taste with salt and pepper. Cover and cook for approx. 5 - 10 min.
I227.7	Remove tomato sauce from heat. In a small bowl, dilute ricotta with reserved pasta water and gently mash to incorporate.
I227.8	Gently fold ricotta into tomato sauce.
I227.9	Toss rigatoni with tomato sauce. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Serve with grated Parmesan, fresh basil, and a drizzle of high quality olive if desired. Enjoy!
R228	pumpkin-pie	10
I228.1	For the base, use a standing mixer or a hand mixer with dough hooks to mix flour, cold butter, and some of the salt. Beat in cold water. Then knead dough by hand until smooth.
I228.2	Wrap dough in plastic wrap and cool for approx. 30 – 35 min. Preheat oven to 200°C/ 400°F.
I228.3	In the meantime, halve the pumpkin, remove seeds, and cut the flesh into small, equally sized cubes.
I228.4	Now, in a large saucepan, add pumpkin, sugar, remaining salt, spices, and heavy cream. Bring to boil, then reduce heat. Cover with a lid and let simmer on low heat for approx. 20 – 25 min. until the pumpkin is soft. Stir regularly.
I228.5	Blend the mixture with a hand blender. Set aside to cool down. If needed, grease tart dish with some butter.
I228.6	With a rolling pin, roll the dough into a round that is a little larger than the tart tin. Work on a floured surface and turn the dough a couple of times to prevent sticking.
I228.7	Lay the dough into the tart dish, leaving an edge. Press the sides firmly into the dish.
I228.8	Cut off overhanging dough by rolling the rolling pin over the edges of the tart dish.
I228.9	In a large bowl, whisk together eggs and blended pumpkin mixture.
I228.10	Pour the filling into the base and bake at 200°C/ 400°F for approx. 15 – 20 min. Then reduce heat to 170°C/ 340°F and continue baking for approx. 35 – 40 min. Leave pie to cool down. Enjoy warm or cold with a dollop of sour cream.
R229	beef-wellington	8
I229.1	Rub beef tenderloin with freshly ground pepper. Heat some olive oil in a large frying pan until hot but not smoking. Brown beef on all sides for approx. 10 - 12 min. Set aside to cool.
I229.2	Finely chop shallot. Pick herb leaves and chop roughly. Cut mushrooms into cubes.
I229.3	In a large frying pan, heat butter and remaining olive oil. Add shallot and mushrooms and sauté until translucent.
I229.4	Deglaze with white wine. Add salt and chopped herbs. Continue to sauté for approx. 10 min. until the alcohol has evaporated. Remove from heat and allow to cool.
I229.5	Transfer mushroom mixture to a food processor. Blend until smooth.
I229.6	Lay out a large sheet of plastic wrap on a cutting board. Line up half of the bacon slices in the middle. Spread mushroom paste over bacon. Then place beef tenderloin on top. Spread the remaining mushroom paste over the beef and cover with bacon slices. Tightly wrap beef with mushroom paste and bacon by wrapping up the plastic wrap. Cool in refrigerator for approx. 30 min.
I229.7	Preheat oven to 180°C/350°F. On a lightly floured work surface, roll out puff pastry into a rectangle. Remove beef from the plastic wrap and place lengthwise in the middle. Wrap pastry around beef so long sides overlap. Fold in short sides and tightly seal.
I229.8	Transfer to a lined baking sheet seam side down. Brush with egg yolk and bake in a preheated oven at 180°C/350°F for approx. 10 - 15 min. Then reduce heat to 120°C/250°F and continue to bake for approx. 10 more min. until golden. Remove from oven and allow to rest for approx. 10 min. Enjoy with a fresh salad or vegetables.
R230	chinese-new-year-cake	3
I230.1	Preheat oven to 175°C. Add rice flour, milk, sugar, eggs, and vegetable oil to a large bowl.
I230.2	Gently beat together all ingredients with a hand mixer. Continue to beat on medium-low speed for approx. 2 – 3 min. until a smooth batter forms.
I230.3	Transfer batter to a casserole dish. Bake in a preheated oven for approx. 30 – 35 min. until golden and an inserted toothpick comes out clean. Cut into pieces and enjoy with friends and family!
R231	zucchini-spaghetti-with-lemon-sauce	5
I231.1	Finely dice chili. Roughly chop olives and tomatoes. Cut zucchini into thin strips using a spiral slicer.
I231.2	In a pan, sauté zucchini over medium heat in some olive oil. Add vegetable stock and continue to sauté for approx. 5 – 7 min. until softened.
I231.3	In a separate, grease-free pan, toast the pine nuts over medium heat for approx. 2 – 3 min. Then, add the chili, tomatoes, and olives and continue to sauté for an additional 2 – 3 min.
I231.4	Add lemon zest and lime zest and juice to pan.
I231.5	Add zucchini to pan. Season with salt and pepper.  Add some olive oil and stir well to incorporate. Enjoy!
R232	coffee-and-oatmeal-cookies	3
I232.1	Mix the flour, oats, baking soda, salt, and cinnamon together in a bowl.
I232.2	In another bowl, mix melted butter, brown and confectioner’s sugar together. Add the egg and vanilla extract. Then add the instant coffee and mix the flour and sugar mixtures together.
I232.3	Add the chopped nuts, if you desire. Bake at 180°C/350°F for approx. 10 min., then wait for another 2 min. before moving cookies to the cooling rack.
R233	sparkling-lemon-iced-tea	3
I233.1	Add water to a small saucepan and bring to boil. Add bag of black tea and let sit for approx. 5 min. before removing tea bag. Add sugar and stir untill sugar is fully disolved. Let simmer for approx. 5 min., then set aside to let cool.
I233.2	Combine some of the black tea syrup with lemon juice in a mason jar and give it a quick stir. Add ice and top with non-alcoholic sparkling wine. Give it a gentle stir to combine all ingredients.
I233.3	Garnish with lemon zest or lemon slice. Cheers!
R234	fitness-bread	3
I234.1	Preheat oven to 180°C/350°F. In a standing mixer, add buckwheat flour, wheat bran, ground almonds, flax seed, baking powder, and sea salt. Beat for approx. 1 – 2 min. to combine.
I234.2	Add egg whites and yogurt to standing mixer. Beat for approx. 2 – 3 min. until a smooth, even dough has formed.
I234.3	Transfer dough to a parchment-lined loaf pan. Sprinkle sunflower seeds on top. Bake in preheated oven at 180°C/350°F for approx. 50 – 60 min. Enjoy for breakfast or as a light snack!
R235	vanilla-chia-pudding-with-warm-berry-sauce	6
I235.1	In a large saucepan, bring rice milk, vanilla bean pods, cinnamon stick, and agave syrup to a boil.
I235.2	Pour rice milk into a large bowl. Discard vanilla bean pods and cinnamon stick. Add chia seeds and allow to soak for approx. 15 – 20 min.
I235.3	Spoon chia pudding into jars for serving.
I235.4	Add frozen strawberries and lemon juice to a small saucepan. Bring to a boil over medium heat and cook for approx. 5 min. Purée berry sauce and pass through a fine sieve.
I235.5	Spoon a thin layer of berry sauce on top of pudding.
I235.6	Garnish pudding with fresh blueberries. Enjoy!
R236	bento-box-for-kids	4
I236.1	Cube cheese. Clean red radishes without removing the stem to create mice. Use a small sharp knife to cut out eyes. Make small slits for the ears and place the small radish rounds left over from cutting the eyes into the slits.
I236.2	For the caterpillars, halve mozzarella balls and cherry tomatoes. For the head, slice pieces of chives, poke small holes in the head end, and stick chives into holes for antennas. Use a toothpick to poke holes for eyes. Arrange on a toothpick, alternating the mozzarella and tomato pieces.
I236.3	For the crab, halve one apple and cut out the core. Core and cut the other half into thin slices for legs, and cut serrated edges into two slices for the claws. Carve out small holes for the eyes, and stick small pieces of chocolate into the holes. If desired, use toothpicks to hold everything together.
I236.4	Finely chop parsley and chives. Mix herbs with yogurt and cream cheese. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Arrange items in your child’s lunchbox or serve right away.
R237	fluffy-sweet-souffle	6
I237.1	Preheat the oven to 180°C/ 355°F. Beat egg whites until stiff. As soon as it begins to foam, gradually add half of sugar. The bowl and the beater should be free from any kind of grease, to create the desired consistency.
I237.2	Next beat the egg yolks with rest of sugar until foamy.
I237.3	Add the zest of half a lemon, quark, and a pinch of salt to the egg yolk mass and whisk further.
I237.4	Now carefully fold in the beaten egg whites into the quark mixture. Do not mix with too much force, it might reduce the airiness.
I237.5	Prepare the baking tins with butter and sugar and then fill with the mixture.
I237.6	Bake soufflés in a water bath in a preheated oven at 180°C/ 355°F for approx. 22 - 25 min. Serve immediately after baking, as the soufflé might sink. Garnish with confectioner's sugar.
R238	little-santas-cupcakes	7
I238.1	Preheat oven to 180°C/350°F. In a standing mixer, beat sugar and a part of the butter until foamy. Add eggs, one at a time, and continue to beat until incorporated. Mix together flour and baking powder and add to the batter. Now add half the vanilla extract, coconut milk, and coconut liqueur and continue to beat dough until smooth.
I238.2	Line a muffin pan with muffin cups. Fill each cup halfway full and bake in a preheated oven at 180°C/350°F for approx. 25 – 30 min. Insert a toothpick to determine if the cupcakes are done. If the toothpick comes out clean, remove cupcakes from oven and set aside to cool.
I238.3	Reserve a small amount of black currant juice. For the buttercream, mix together remaining juice and confectioner’s sugar in a small saucepan. Bring to a low boil, reduce to a simmer, and cook over low heat for approx. 15 – 20 min. until reduced by half. In a small bowl, mix cornstarch together with reserved juice and add to pan. Return to a medium-high heat, stirring constantly, until thick cream is formed. Remove from heat and allow to cool.
I238.4	Melt white chocolate over a double boiler. Ice cupcakes with white chocolate and then immediately dip into coconut flakes. The tops should be completely covered. Transfer to a cake rack and allow icing to dry.
I238.5	Beat remaining butter for approx. 4 – 5 min. until frothy. Add vanilla extract and continue to beat for approx. 1 – 2 min. Slowly add currant crème until well mixed. If you want a darker red color, simply add red food coloring. Transfer buttercream to a pastry bag and set aside.
I238.6	With the buttercream, form small Santa hats on top of each cupcake. Then, place Raffaellos on top.
I238.7	Enjoy!
R239	beef-rouladen-with-sauerkraut	6
I239.1	Cut bacon into fine cubes. Cut onions into thin slices. Cut pickles lengthwise into thin strips. Roughly chop garlic. Cut carrot into rings.
I239.2	In a large frying pan, sauté bacon and half of onions over medium heat with some vegetable oil for approx. 2 – 3 min. Remove from heat and set aside.
I239.3	Pat dry rouladen. Spread a thin layer of mustard over each rouladen. Season to taste with salt and pepper.
I239.4	Place sautéed bacon, onions, and pickles on the rouladen. With the long sides facing inwards, roll up the rouladen and tie them up using kitchen string.
I239.5	Heat up butter and vegetable oil in a braising pan. Add rouladen and brown them over medium heat for approx. 3 – 4 min. per side. Remove rouladen from pan. Add carrots, other half of the onions, garlic, and tomato paste and sauté for approx. 2 – 3 min. Return rouladen to pan. Deglaze with broth and red wine. Add bay leaf, bring to a boil, and cook until some of the liquid has evaporated. Cover pan and let simmer over low heat for approx. 1.5 h. Remove rouladen, set aside, and cover with foil to keep warm. Season sauce to taste with salt and pepper. Thicken with flour if necessary.
I239.6	Heat up sauerkraut in a large saucepan over medium heat for approx. 5 – 10 min. Stir occasionally. Add some broth and mustard for more flavor, if desired. To serve, place rouladen on a plate and serve with sauce and sauerkraut. Enjoy!
R240	falafel	6
I240.1	In a large bowl, cover chickpeas with cold water, cover, and refrigerate for at least 12 hours. Then, drain chickpeas and rinse with water.
I240.2	Tear bread into small pieces. Finely dice red onion, garlic, ginger, parsley, cilantro, and chili.
I240.3	Combine all ingredients in a large bowl and then puree using a stand mixer with a food grinder attachment. Add flour and baking powder and knead into a firm dough.
I240.4	Using your hands, form mixture into small disc-shaped patties.
I240.5	In a small saucepan, heat up vegetable oil over medium heat and fry for approx. 4 – 6 min. until golden brown. Transfer to a paper towel-lined plate to dry.
I240.6	In a small bowl, mix together sour cream, mint, salt, and pepper. Serve as a dipping sauce with falafel. Enjoy!
R241	savoy-cabbage-in-puff-pastry	9
I241.1	Preheat oven to 180°C/350°F. Quarter savoy cabbage and cut into thin slices. Peel and chop garlic. Quarter cherry tomatoes and grate cheese.
I241.2	Sauté savoy cabbage in some vegetable oil until lightly browned. Season with salt, pepper, garlic, and nutmeg. Allow to cool down.
I241.3	In the meantime chop parsley.
I241.4	In a large bowl, mix sautéed savoy cabbage with cheese, cherry tomatoes, egg yolks, crème fraîche, and parsley.
I241.5	Roll out puff pastry.
I241.6	Cut puff pastry into approx. 15 cm x 15 cm (6 inch x 6 inch) squares.
I241.7	Place 1 heaping tbsp. of filling in the center of each square.
I241.8	Fold up each side of the square. Twist, and press tightly to seal.
I241.9	Transfer pastries to a lined baking tray. Brush with egg yolk and bake in a preheated oven at 180°C/355°F for approx. 10 - 15 min. until golden. Serve with a fresh salad on the side.
R242	baked-spaghetti-bolognese	7
I242.1	Cook spaghetti in salted, boiling water according to package instructions, until al dente. Drain and set aside.
I242.2	Meanwhile, preheat the oven to 160°C/320°F. Cut shallots, garlic, tomatoes, mushrooms and carrot into fine cubes.
I242.3	Sauté the diced shallots, garlic, mushrooms, and carrot in vegetable oil for approx. 3 - 5 min. Next, add tomatoes and sauté for an additional 3 min. Season the vegetables lightly with salt and pepper.
I242.4	Add tomato paste and sauté as well. Pour in pureed tomatoes and reduce to low heat for approx. 10 min.
I242.5	In another pan, sear ground beef with some vegetable oil. Season with salt and pepper. As soon as the meat has browned add it to the vegetables and bring to a gentle boil.
I242.6	Season the sauce with oregano, sugar, salt, and pepper. Next, cut fresh basil into strips and fold into the sauce.
I242.7	Put the spaghetti into a casserole dish and pour the sauce on top. Mix slightly and sprinkle with grated Parmesan. Bake in a preheated oven at 160°C/320°F for approx. 7 min. Serve warm from the casserole dish.
R243	chicken-fajitas	3
I243.1	Remove seeds from the chili pepper and chop finely. Finely dice pepper, tomato, and onion. Cut chicken breast into pieces (approx 1cm x 1cm).
I243.2	Salt chicken and sear in some vegetable oil until golden. Add pepper, tomato, onion, and tomato paste and sauté. Deglaze with red wine.
I243.3	Add tomato sauce and simmer for approx. 5 – 7 min. Season with chili, lime juice, salt and pepper. Heat the tortillas and roll with guacamole, chicken filling, and grated cheese to enjoy the fajitas.
R244	white-chocolate-matcha-latte	3
I244.1	Add all ingredients except water and matcha to a small sauce pan. Mix with a hand blender until smooth. Warm on low heat. Blend again, then remove from heat.
I244.2	Boil water and let cool down for approx. 5 min. In a small bowl, add matcha and 2 tbsp of hot water. Carefully stir with the help pf a matcha whisk until paste-like. Add remaining water and whisk without pressure for approx. 30 – 60 sec.
I244.3	Add matcha mixture to drink, blend again, and serve in cups.
R245	sparkling-holiday-punch	4
I245.1	In a large pitcher or bowl, combine sugar, maple syrup, and sparkling water until sugar is dissolved.
I245.2	Stir in gin, sweet vermouth, lemon juice, and grapefruit juice and refrigerate until chilled, approx. 1 hr. Meanwhile, slice lemon and grapefruit into wheels for garnish; set aside.
I245.3	Just before serving, add sparkling wine and float grapefruit and lemon wheels on top to garnish.
I245.4	Dust cinnamon over punch. Serve on ice. Enjoy!
R246	quick-almond-porridge	4
I246.1	Roughly chop almonds. Dice apple into bite-sized pieces.
I246.2	In a small saucepan, add oats, water, and almond milk and bring to a simmer.
I246.3	Add agave syrup to oats. Allow to simmer over low heat, stirring occasionally, for approx. 5 - 7 min.
I246.4	Ladle oatmeal into bowls for serving. Garnish with almonds, apples, and cinnamon. Enjoy!
R247	cranberry-cider	2
I247.1	Juice lemon and add juice to large saucepan. Add apple cider, cranberry juice, brown sugar, cloves, and cinnamon. Simmer over low heat for approx. 15 – 20 min.
I247.2	Remove cinnamon and cloves. Add cranberries and serve while hot.
R248	orecchiette-with-rapini	6
I248.1	Mince garlic. Trim tough ends from rapini, as well as florets and leaves. Cut remaining stems into 1 in. / 2.5 cm pieces.
I248.2	Fill a large saucepan with water and bring to a boil, then add salt. Add rapini stems and cook for approx. 1 – 2 min. until slightly tender; do not remove from water.
I248.3	Add orecchiette and cook, according to package instructions, for approx. 8 – 10 min. until al dente. In the remaining 2 – 3 min. of cooking time, add florets. Then drain pasta and rapini and set aside.
I248.4	In a large frying pan, heat up some olive oil over medium heat and sauté garlic for approx. 1 – 2 min. until it begins to brown. Take care not to burn the garlic!
I248.5	Add orecchiette and rapini to pan and sauté for an additional 2 – 3 min. over high heat until warm.
I248.6	Add capers, chili flakes, and rapini leaves to pan and stir until combined. Remove from heat; season to taste with salt and pepper. Serve with freshly grated Parmesan cheese or a drizzle of high quality olive oil if desired. Enjoy!
R249	fudgy-brownies-with-pecans	4
I249.1	Preheat the oven to 190°C/ 375°F. Cut the  chocolate and butter into small pieces and slowly melt in a double boiler (water bath) with the sugar.
I249.2	Remove the liquid mixture from the double boiler, add eggs and ground almonds and mix well with a whisk.
I249.3	Roughly chop pecans, add to the chocolate mixture and fold evenly.
I249.4	Pour the mixture into a greased (if necessary) baking dish and bake in a preheated oven at 190°C/ 375°F for approx. 25 – 30 min. Leave to cool for approx. 2 - 3 hours before serving, if desired. This will intensify the chocolate flavor.
R250	irish-coffee	3
I250.1	Fill a coffee cup or glass with hot water to heat it. In a measuring cup, whip cream until slightly thickened.
I250.2	Discard water and add brown sugar to the cup or glass. Add coffee and stir until sugar is dissolved. Add whiskey.
I250.3	Pour cream onto coffee over the back of a tablespoon, thus ensuring that it floats on top. Enjoy!
R251	valencian-paella	7
I251.1	Drain olives. Halve cherry tomatoes, mince garlic, and thinly slice green onions. Dice red onion, bell pepper, zucchini, and eggplant into walnut-sized pieces.
I251.2	Add some olive oil to a frying pan and sauté garlic, onion, bell peppers, zucchini, and eggplant over medium-high heat for approx. 4 – 6 min.
I251.3	Add rice to pan, stir thoroughly to combine, and continue to sauté for approx. 1 – 2 min.
I251.4	Fillet lemons.
I251.5	Add saffron to pan, stir thoroughly to combine, and continue to sauté for approx. 1 – 2 min.
I251.6	Deglaze with white wine. Add vegetable stock until ingredients are just covered. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Bring everything to a boil, then reduce to a simmer and cook for approx. 15 – 20 min. until rice is al dente. Stir occasionally.
I251.7	Gently fold in lemon fillets, tomatoes, olives, green onions, and peas. Continue to sauté approx. for 5 – 6 min. Enjoy!
R252	mixed-salad-with-white-balsamic-honey-mustard-dressing	3
I252.1	Tear lettuce into bite-sized pieces. Cut green onions crosswise into fine rings. Roughly chop parsley. Cut corn from cob. Peel and grate carrot. Transfer everything to a large bowl.
I252.2	In a small bowl, mix together honey, mustard, vegetable oil, and white balsamic vinegar. Season to taste with salt and pepper.
I252.3	Pour dressing over salad, a little at a time, and toss thoroughly. Enjoy!
R253	macaroni-with-shrimp-tomato-and-nectarine	7
I253.1	Cook macaroni in a large saucepan of salted boiling water for approx. 8 – 10 min., according to package instructions. Drain and set aside.
I253.2	Meanwhile, grate tomatoes on box grater, using the side with the large holes. Discard skins and stems.
I253.3	Grate nectarines into the same bowl, discarding the pits. Season with salt and pepper.
I253.4	Finely mince garlic. Thinly slice basil. Peel shrimp, devein if necessary.
I253.5	Sauté shrimp and garlic in some vegetable oil at medium-high heat for approx. 1 - 2 min. on each side. Remove from heat.
I253.6	Add macaroni as well as tomato and nectarine sauce. Toss well and heat up if desired.
I253.7	Sprinkle with basil and serve with a drizzle of olive oil. Enjoy!
R254	halibut-in-thyme-milk-with-broccoli	7
I254.1	Toast the almond flakes in a pan until golden.
I254.2	Bring just under half of the vegetable stock and milk to a boil, season generously with salt and pepper. Add the thyme and steep in the warm milk for approx. 3 - 5 min.
I254.3	Next, place the halibut in hot, but not boiling milk (approx. 90°C/194°F). Poach for approx. 3 - 4 min. depending on thickness.
I254.4	Meanwhile, fill saucepan with water, add salt and bring to a boil. Cut broccoli into small florets.
I254.5	Blanch the broccoli in salted boiling water for 3 - 4 min., so that it is still crunchy. Drain and set aside.
I254.6	Melt butter in a frying pan, add remaining vegetable stock, and slowly bring everything to a boil.
I254.7	Next, toss the blanched broccoli in the buttery stock. Season with salt and pepper if desired. Serve the halibut on the broccoli and garnish with almond flakes.
R255	vegan-granola-bars	7
I255.1	Preheat the oven to 180°C/350°F. Grease the baking pan and line with parchment paper.
I255.2	Roughly chop almonds and spread over a baking sheet with the rolled oats, flax seeds, and other nuts and seeds. Toast for approx. 12 min. on the middle rack of the oven at 180°C/350°F until golden brown and fragrant.
I255.3	Meanwhile, stir the maple syrup, almond butter, and coconut oil in a small saucepan over medium heat until creamy and warmed through.
I255.4	Mix dates with some warm water and let sit for approx. 5 min. Use a hand blender to purée into a paste. Stir the paste into the maple syrup mixture.
I255.5	Remove nut mixture from oven and let cool for approx. 5 min. Transfer to a large bowl. Mix in the cranberries, date purée, and a pinch of salt.
I255.6	Spread the mixture evenly over the prepared form and with a spatula. Put the granola mix back in the oven on the middle shelf for approx. 15 min. until golden brown. If the top gets to dark, simply cover with aluminum foil. Remove the form from the oven and let cool briefly. Once sufficiently cooled, remove from the form and cut the granola into even bars.
I255.7	Let the granola bars fully cool before serving. Enjoy!
R256	german-sweet-rolls-with-vanilla-sauce	4
I256.1	In a small saucepan, heat up butter and milk over medium-low heat.
I256.2	In a stand mixer, beat together flour, sugar, yeast, milk mixture, egg, and a pinch of salt for approx. 2 – 4 min. until a smooth dough forms. Turn out dough onto a floured work surface, gently kneed, return to bowl, cover, and place in a warm place to rise for approx. 90 min.
I256.3	Turn out dough onto a floured work surface, cut in half, and then cut halves into pieces approx. the size of a small closed fist. Knead each piece by hand into small rounds. Cover and let rise for another 30 min.
I256.4	In a large frying pan, bring water, main part of salt, and oil to a low boil over medium heat. Add rolls, reduce heat to low, and cook covered for approx. 15 – 20 min. Remove from heat and transfer rolls to a serving platter and drizzle vanilla sauce on top. Enjoy!
R257	chocolate-caramel-cups	7
I257.1	In a large bowl, combine spelt flour, some of the butter, some of the rice syrup, vodka, and salt until dough is smooth and uniform in consistency. Wrap dough in plastic wrap and transfer to refrigerator. Allow to set for approx. 30 min.
I257.2	Preheat oven to 180°C/350°F. Roll out the dough, use a cookie cutter or a glass to cut out 12 circles large enough to fill the muffin cups.
I257.3	Place one circle in each cup, pressing it down in the middle and up the sides. Pierce the bottom several times with a fork. Bake for approx. 10 min. at  180°C/350°F. Allow to cool. Leave the oven on while preparing the fillings.
I257.4	In the meantime, prepare caramel. Melt butter in a small pot over medium-high heat until slightly browned. Add coconut milk, some rice syrup, and ground vanilla bean. Stir frequently and simmer for approx. 20 min. until caramel has thickened and turns golden brown.
I257.5	Pour caramel into each muffin cup and bake for approx. 6 – 8 min., then set aside to cool.
I257.6	Melt cocoa butter in a heat-proof bowl set over a small pot of gently simmering water. Stir until it has reached 46 - 49°C/114 - 120 °F. Remove from heat and cool down to 27°C/80°F. Stir in cocoa powder and remaining rice syrup and heat up again to 32°C/89 °F.
I257.7	Fill cookie cups with chocolate, then allow to cool completely. If desired, top with sliced banana and unsweetened cornflakes. Enjoy!
R258	hokkaido-pumpkin-risotto	7
I258.1	Peel and dice shallots. Cut garlic into thin slices. Halve the pumpkin, remove the center with a spoon, and chop it finely (approx. 1cm x 1cm).
I258.2	Sauté onion and garlic in some vegetable oil until translucent. Add risotto rice and continue to sauté.
I258.3	Now add pumpkin cubes and saute until slightly softened.
I258.4	Deglaze with white wine and continue simmering.
I258.5	Gradually add vegetable stock, approx. 4 - 5 times,  and continue to simmer the rice (approx. 15 min.). Keep adding stock until the bottom of the pan is free from liquid.
I258.6	Remove cooked risotto rice from the stove, add Parmesan and butter and season with sugar, salt, and pepper to taste. Leave to set with closed lid for 2 min.
I258.7	Optionally, you can serve the risotto in a hollowed out pumpkin. To do so, create a little base by cutting a piece of the hokkaido pumpkin from the widest side.
R259	beef-banh-mi-with-fresh-cilantro	7
I259.1	In a frying pan, sauté bacon over medium-low heat for approx. 5 - 8 min. until crisp and golden. Set aside.
I259.2	Cut beef into thin strips, approx. 2 cm thick.
I259.3	Peel and seed cucumber and cut into small cubes. Remove seeds and finely cut chilies. Chop herbs. Thinly slice celery. Julienne onion and carrot.
I259.4	In a bowl, mix together half of the chopped cilantro and the diced cucumber. Season with salt and pepper. Set aside.
I259.5	In a frying pan, sauté beef in some vegetable oil over medium-high heat for approx. 5 - 7 min. until browned.
I259.6	Season beef with salt, pepper, and lime juice. Deglaze with fish sauce.
I259.7	Cut baguette lengthwise, but not all the way through. Spread top and bottom layer of baguette with mayonnaise. Layer with bacon, beef, vegetables, and herbs. Garnish with remainder of chopped cilantro and top it off with a drizzle of lime juice. Enjoy!
R260	pork-tenderloin-with-tarragon-carrots-and-mashed-potatoes	7
I260.1	Preheat the oven to 180°C/ 355°F. Peel and halve potatoes. Depending on size, cook in salted water for 20 - 25 min. Drain and put back in the sauce pan to keep warm.
I260.2	Salt the pork and sear on all sides in a hot pan. Add pepper and cook in a preheated oven at 180°C/355°F with crushed garlic and fresh rosemary for approx. 10 – 15 min.
I260.3	Remove the pork from the oven. Turn the oven down to 60°C/140°F and, once the oven has reached this temperature, put the tenderloin back in for approx. 10 – 15 min.
I260.4	Meanwhile, slice shallots into fine strips. Peel carrots and quarter lengthwise.
I260.5	Sauté the shallots in some vegetable oil until translucent. Add carrots and continue to cook. Deglaze pan with mineral water and season with sugar and salt and pepper.
I260.6	Pluck the tarragon from its stem and add to pan. Close the lid and cook for approx 5 - 8 min. until the carrots are soft.
I260.7	Add butter to potatoes and mash together with nutmeg, salt, and pepper. To serve, slice medallions of pork and place on the mashed potatoes with the carrots.
R261	slow-cooker-beef-bourguignon	5
I261.1	Cut beef into large cubes. Toss beef in flour, salt, and pepper; set aside. Slice bacon into strips, chop onion and carrot, mince garlic, and cube potatoes; if shallots are large, halve them.
I261.2	Fry bacon until crisp. Set aside to drain on paper towel-lined plate. Add beef to skillet and brown all sides well. Transfer beef and bacon to slow cooker along with potatoes and shallots. Brown carrot, onion, and garlic in same skillet and add to slow cooker, as well.
I261.3	Add stock, tomato paste, thyme, bay leaves, and wine to slow cooker. Cover and cook on low for 6 – 8 hours.
I261.4	Meanwhile, clean and slice mushrooms, then sauté them in butter until soft and golden brown. Add to slow cooker about 1 hour before serving.
I261.5	When almost ready to serve, boil pasta, according to package instructions, in salted water. If sauce is too thin, remove lid and turn slow cooker to high; sift in a little bit of flour, a tablespoon at a time, and stir to combine until thickened. Serve stew over tagliatelle and enjoy!
R262	hole-in-the-bread-eggs	3
I262.1	Preheat oven to 160°C/320°F. Finely dice onion. Roughly chop garden cress. Thinly slice radishes. Cut a hole in the middle of the bread slices using a cookie cutter.
I262.2	In a large bowl, mix together sour cream, crème fraiche, radish, onion, and garden cress. Season to taste with salt and pepper.
I262.3	In a large ovenproof frying pan, toast bread in some butter over medium heat for approx. 1 – 2 min. per side. When lightly toasted on both sides, crack an egg into the center of each piece of bread and transfer pan to preheated oven and bake at 160°C/320°F for 3 – 5 min. until egg white and yolk are slightly firm. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Serve with radish and cream dip. Garnish with garden cress. Enjoy!
R263	lamb-and-pork-gyros-with-tzatziki	3
I263.1	Cut meat into thin strips and onions into fine rings. Finely dice garlic and chili. Cut bell pepper into strips. Roughly chop parsley and dill. Coarsely grate cucumber using large holes of a box grater.
I263.2	In a large mixing bowl, combine yogurt, cucumber, dill, parsley, half of the garlic, and olive oil. Season to taste with salt and pepper.
I263.3	In a large frying pan, sauté meat in some vegetable oil over medium heat for approximately 3 – 4 min. Then, add chili and rest of the garlic and continue to cook for another 1 – 2 min. Finally, add onion and bell pepper, stir well to combine, and cook for another 2 – 3 min. Remove from heat and season to taste with salt, pepper, and paprika powder. Garnish with oregano and serve with tzatziki on the side. Enjoy!
R264	mapo-tofu	4
I264.1	Cut the silken tofu into equal pieces (approx. 2.5cm / 1 in.). Soak in salted water for approx. 5 min., then remove and set aside. Slice green onion, mince garlic, and dice onion and ginger.
I264.2	Heat oil in the pan over medium-high heat, add ground pork and fry until browned. Add the bean paste, fermented soy beans, green onion, ginger, garlic and dark soy sauce, then deglaze with the rice wine.
I264.3	Add water and silken tofu to wok, then add salt and sugar, and cook everything for approx. 3 min. Mix together cornstarch with a little water to form a slurry, then add to pan and incorporate.
I264.4	Transfer to a plate, season to taste with Sichuan pepper powder, and green onion. Enjoy!
R265	kebab-with-homemade-tzatziki	4
I265.1	Press or mince garlic. Finely chop mint leaves and dice onion. Grate cucumber and squeeze out as much of the liquid as possible. Place in a bowl.
I265.2	For the tzatziki, mix cucumber, garlic, mint, and lemon juice with Turkish yogurt. Season generously with salt and pepper. Store tzatziki in the fridge while preparing kebabs.
I265.3	For the kebabs, combine ground lamb with diced onion, cumin, coriander, and turmeric. Season with salt and pepper. Form into elongated kebabs. You can form these on skewers for grilling as well.
I265.4	Heat up a large frying pan and sear kebabs for approx. 3 – 5 min. per side. Transfer to a kitchen towel lined plate to absorb excess fat. Serve hot with tzatziki on the side.
R266	turbot-a-la-bordelaise-with-swiss-chard	6
I266.1	Preheat the oven to 180°C/ 355°F. Finely chop parsley and garlic clove. Finely dice pepper and mushrooms.
I266.2	Now, mix everything in a large bowl with breadcrumbs, mustard, olive oil, and salt and pepper. Add water to the mixture until it forms a spreadable panade.
I266.3	Spread the panade evenly over the fish fillets.
I266.4	Next, place the fish on a lined baking tray and bake in a preheated oven at 220°C /430°F for approx. 8 – 10 min until golden.
I266.5	Meanwhile, slice Swiss chard into strips and halve cherry tomatoes.
I266.6	Sauté Swiss chard in some oil with a crushed garlic clove. Add cherry tomatoes and sauté, seasoning with nutmeg and salt and pepper. Serve by placing a baked fish fillet on top of Swiss chard.
R267	steamed-pork-buns	4
I267.1	Dissolve yeast in warm water, add flour and work into a dough. Set aside to rest for approx. 2 hrs.
I267.2	Finely slice the scallions and chop the ginger. In another mixing bowl, add scallions and ginger to the pork along with salt, white pepper, five-spice powder, light soy sauce, dark soy sauce, oyster sauce and sesame oil. If needed, add a little water to loosen the mixture. Stir well to combine and set aside.
I267.3	Bring a large pot of water to a boil. Roll the dough into a log shape and cut into 15 equal portions. Dust the work surface with flour, then use a rolling pin to roll out the pieces of dough into equal-sized circles, rotating the dough as you roll it to ensure an even thickness. Place a spoonful of the pork filling in the center of each dough circle and gently pull and pinch the edges together to make a tight seal. Set aside to rise for 20 min.
I267.4	Transfer buns to a steam basket set over boiling water and steam for approx. 15 min.  Allow to cool and enjoy!
R268	chicken-parmesan	6
I268.1	Finely dice onion. Cut each chicken breast into three equal-sized pieces.
I268.2	In a large saucepan, sauté onion in some vegetable oil over medium heat for approx. 3 – 4 min. until translucent. Add tomatoes and oregano to pan and cook for approx. 8 – 10 min. until sauce begins to thicken. Season with salt and pepper.
I268.3	In a large bowl, mix together Parmesan and breadcrumbs. Season with salt and pepper.
I268.4	In a separate large bowl, beat together two eggs until foamy. Using tongs, dip chicken cutlets into the egg mixture and then the breadcrumb mixture. Place on a plate and set aside.
I268.5	In a large frying pan, sauté chicken in some vegetable oil over medium heat for approx. 2 - 3 min. per side until golden. Set aside.
I268.6	Strain sauce through a food mill into a large bowl. On a plate, layer tomato sauce and chicken cutlets. Garnish with freshly shaved Parmesan, if desired. Enjoy!
R269	stuffed-mushrooms	4
I269.1	Preheat oven to 180°C/350°F. Finely dice shallot and cut green onion crosswise into thin rings. In a small bowl, mix together cheese, paprika powder, chili flakes, vegetable oil, and green onion. Season to taste with salt and pepper.
I269.2	In a large frying pan, heat up some vegetable oil over medium heat and sauté shallot for approx. 1 – 2 min. Then, add spinach and continue to cook for approx. 1 – 2 min. until wilted. Grate nutmeg into pan and stir thoroughly. Remove from heat.
I269.3	Gently remove the mushroom stems from the caps. Then, gently scrape out the core of the caps with a spoon to create a cavity for filling of choice.
I269.4	Fill mushroom caps with either the spinach or cheese mixture and place in an ovenproof frying pan or on a lined baking sheet. Transfer to a preheated oven and bake at 180°C/350°F for approx. 12 – 15 min. or until cheese melts and turns golden brown. Enjoy!
R270	leftover-turkey-sandwich-with-cranberry-sauce	2
I270.1	Core apple and cut into thin slices. Shred turkey. Cut ciabatta in half lengthwise.
I270.2	Slather mayonnaise on bottom half of ciabatta. Distribute apple slices and turkey. Drape cranberry sauce over the top, cover with top half of ciabatta, and enjoy!
R271	simple-pear-tarts	4
I271.1	Preheat oven to 180°C/350°F. Cut defrosted puff pastry into 6 cm squares with a sharp knife.
I271.2	Core pears and cut into thin wedges. Spread pear slices in the center of each puff pastry square.
I271.3	Sprinkle tarts with sugar, then with some slices of butter and bake for approx. 20 - 25  min. at 180°C/350°F until golden.
I271.4	In the meantime, heat up apricot jam with some water in the microwave or on the stove until liquid. Brush the finished tart with jam and serve warm with a dollop of whipped cream.
R272	italian-sandwich-with-prosciutto-di-parma	4
I272.1	Cut the ciabatta lengthwise and drizzle with olive oil. Roast in a hot pan, oiled side down, for approx. 3 - 5 minutes.
I272.2	Meanwhile, cut mozzarella and tomato into thin slices. Cut antipasti (e.g. artichoke hearts, grilled peppers) into bite-sized pieces and heat briefly in a pan.
I272.3	Next, spread the pesto onto the bread and place alternating layers of tomato and mozzarella slices on top.
I272.4	Place the antipasti, prosciutto, and the arugula on the ciabatta. Place another piece of bread on top. Pierce with a wooden skewer to to make the sandwich easier to serve and eat.
R273	whole-braised-fish	10
I273.1	Cut ginger into thin slices. Halve garlic and cut spring onions into strips.
I273.2	Place fish onto cutting board. Working with one fish at a time, use a sharp knife to make two cuts on each side of the fish.
I273.3	Season fish with salt on each side.
I273.4	Add egg to a bowl and beat until creamy.
I273.5	Coat fish in egg.
I273.6	Preheat vegetable oil in a pan on medium-low heat. Place fish into pan and fry for approx. 1 min. on each side.
I273.7	Add sliced ginger, spring onion, garlic, star anise, and rock sugar to the pan and continue to fry for approx. 1 – 2 min.
I273.8	Deglaze with dark rice vinegar. Then add red wine, light soy sauce, and dark soy sauce. Cover and allow  to cook for approx. 2 – 3 min.
I273.9	Add water to the pan. Using a spoon, cover the fish with sauce. Cover pan with a lid and allow to simmer on medium-low heat for approx. 20 – 23 min.
I273.10	Shortly before serving, add remaining egg to the pan. Allow to cook for approx. 2 – 3 min. until set. Transfer fish and egg to a serving platter, cover with spring onions, and drizzle with more sauce.
R274	hot-cross-buns	6
I274.1	In a small saucepan, slowly warm up some of the milk, part of sugar, and yeast over low heat until it’s warm to the touch.
I274.2	In a stand mixer, beat together some of the flour, butter, raisins, egg yolks, cinnamon, and milk mixture for approx. 3 – 5 min. Cover and allow to rest in a warm place for approx. 30 – 35 min.
I274.3	Turn out dough onto a floured work surface and form into individual rounds, approx. the size of dinner rolls. Transfer to a lined baking sheet and let rest for approx. another 30 min.
I274.4	Preheat oven to 200°C/390°F. Mix together rest of egg yolk and milk and brush on top of buns. Mix together rest of flour, rest of sugar, and water and transfer to a piping bag.
I274.5	Pipe icing over buns to form a cross-shape. Transfer to preheated oven and bake at 200°C/390°F for approx. 20 – 25 min. until golden brown. Enjoy with some butter and jam!
I274.6	Pipe icing over buns to form a cross-shape. Transfer to preheated oven and bake at 200°C/390°F for approx. 20 – 25 min. until golden brown. Enjoy with some butter and jam!
R275	mini-cheesecakes-with-grapefruit	9
I275.1	Add gelatin sheets to a bowl with some water. Leave to soak for approx. 5 – 7 min.
I275.2	Place cookies into a freezer bag. Tightly seal and crush cookies with a rolling pin.
I275.3	Melt butter in a small pan over medium-low heat. Transfer cookie crumbs to a bowl, add poppy seeds, pour in melted butter, and stir to combine.
I275.4	Spoon cookie mixture into bottom of baking forms and firmly press down to form crust.
I275.5	Use a sharp knife to peel and fillet grapefruits.
I275.6	Add soaked gelatin along with water and sugar to a saucepan. Slowly heat mixture over medium-low heat, stirring constantly. Be careful not to overheat. Once the gelatin and sugar have completely dissolved, remove from heat and set aside.
I275.7	In a large bowl, combine cream cheese and yogurt. Stir well to combine. Pour gelatin mixture into the cream cheese mixture and whisk to combine.
I275.8	To assemble, layer grapefruit slices in baking forms on top of cookie crust. Cover with the cream cheese mixture.
I275.9	Then arrange several grapefruit slices on top. Transfer baking forms to refrigerator and allow to set for approx. 2 hours. Remove from refrigerator and run a knife around the edges. To serve, press on bottoms of baking forms to separate from edges. Then remove bottoms of baking forms and transfer to plates to serve. Enjoy as a fresh treat!
R276	mille-feuille-with-oranges-and-cream-quark	5
I276.1	Preheat the oven to 175°C/345°F. Defrost puff pastry and cut 8 rings with the pastry cutter. Place onto a baking tray lined with parchment paper. Bake in the oven for approx. 8 – 7 min. until golden.
I276.2	Scrape the seeds from a vanilla been. Fillet the oranges and collect the juice.
I276.3	Caramelize some of the sugar and deglaze with white wine. Add cinnamon stick, cloves, cardamom, scraped vanilla bean and seeds and simmer for approx. 5 – 7 min. Add orange juice and Grand Marnier and continue simmering.
I276.4	Mix cornstarch with 2 tbsp water and add to the sauce in the pan, stirring well. Finally fold the orange fruit pieces into the mixture.
I276.5	Beat heavy cream until stiff peaks form. Mix together quark, rest of sugar, the collected juice from the oranges, and the cream well. To serve, alternate layers of puff pastry, quark cream, and orange pieces.
R277	korean-bibimbap	4
I277.1	Add rice, water, and salt to a small saucepan and let soak for approx. 30 min. Bring to a boil, turn down to low heat, and cover with a lid. Let simmer for approx. 10 – 12 min. or until the water has been absorbed. In the meantime, cut the spinach into bite sized pieces. Mince garlic and julienne carrot. Finely slice shiitake mushrooms and cilantro.
I277.2	For the sauce, add chili paste, apple juice, brown sugar, minced garlic, and most of the sesame oil to another small saucepan. Bring to a boil, stirring occasionally. Cook for approx. 3 - 5 min. over high heat or until the sauce has thickened. Remove from heat and stir in sesame seeds.
I277.3	Add remaining sesame oil to a large frying pan. Add beef and sauté over medium heat until browned. Set aside. In batches, sauté the bean sprouts, mushrooms, spinach, and carrots for approx. 1 - 2 min. each. Deglaze each ingredient with a little soy sauce before setting it aside and cooking the next. Fry rice and transfer to serving bowls.
I277.4	Fry eggs over medium heat until for approx. 2 – 3 min. until whites are set and yolks are runny. In the meantime, distribute vegetables and meat in layers over the rice. Drizzle some of the sauce over the bibimbap and top each bowl with a fried egg. Garnish with cilantro. Serve with remaining sauce and together with some kimchi, if desired.
R278	grilled-pizza-with-bresaola	6
I278.1	Dissolve dried yeast in lukewarm water. Mix flour, oregano, rosemary, curcuma, salt and pepper, and add it to the yeast mixture. Knead for approx. 10 min. until smooth dough forms. Cover and leave to rise in a warm place, for approx. 40 min. or until it has doubled in size.
I278.2	Preheat the grill. Lightly flour the work surface and knead dough until it is smooth and elastic.
I278.3	Divide dough into four equal parts. Form each part into a flat circle approx. 1 cm thick. If desired, form a thin border.
I278.4	Halve cherry tomatoes.
I278.5	Grill dough on both sides for approx. 5 – 8 min. It should be light brown and slightly puffed up.
I278.6	Top crust with cherry tomatoes, arugula, and bresaola. Crumble feta on top and add roasted pine nuts. Season with salt and pepper. Serve with a drizzle of good quality olive oil.
R279	australian-anzac-cookies	3
I279.1	Preheat the oven to 170°C/340°F and prepare baking trays. Combine all dry ingredients in a large bowl and mix them.
I279.2	Stir butter and honey in a small saucepan over medium heat until the butter is melted. Add the butter and honey mixture to the bowl with the other ingredients and stir until well combined (optionally you can add raisins or cranberries).
I279.3	Form tablespoonfuls of the dough into balls and place them 5 cm/2 in. apart on the prepared trays. Bake for approx. 10 – 15 min., or until light golden, and let the cookies cool down on the tray for approx. 10 min.
R280	double-chocolate-salted-caramel-cookies	6
I280.1	Preheat oven to 180°C/350°F. In a medium-sized saucepan, melt butter over medium heat for approx. 1 – 2 min. Remove from heat.
I280.2	Add brown sugar and eggs to saucepan and stir until well combined.
I280.3	Next, add the cocoa, baking powder, flour, and salt and stir until well combined.
I280.4	Add chocolate chips to pan and stir to evenly combine.
I280.5	Form one tbsp dough into golf ball-sized shapes and then flatten into cookies. Place some hazelnut spread and a caramel candy into each cookie and seal edges. Place cookies on a lined baking sheet, sprinkle with fleur de sel, and bake in preheated oven at 180°C/350°F for approx. 8 – 12 min.
I280.6	After taking cookies out of the oven, set aside to cool down for approx. 10 min. Enjoy!
R281	freak-shake	3
I281.1	Add heavy cream, cream of tartar, and vanilla sugar to a bowl and beat until stiff, using a stand mixer or hand mixer. Transfer whipped cream to a piping bag and let rest in the fridge. Wash and hull strawberries. Add strawberries, banana, some oft he vanilla ice cream, and milk to a blender and stir until combined.
I281.2	Pour mixture into a mason jar and crumble chocolate cookie on top. Add remaining vanilla ice cream. Spread chocolate-hazelnut spread around the rim of the glass and press m&ms onto it. Place in freezer for approx. 5 min.
I281.3	Skewer strawberries and mini doughnut each with a chocolate stick. Place doughnut on top of the freak shake and pipe whipped cream on it. Garnish with strawberries and mini doughnut on chocolate sticks, mini mallomars, and loppipops. Sprinkle chocolate chips and gummy bears on top. Enjoy!
R282	gnocchi-with-peas-and-parmesan	5
I282.1	Finely chop garlic and chiffonade mint leaves. Zest lemon and squeeze the juice.
I282.2	Heat olive oil and half of the butter in a frying pan over medium-high heat and fry the gnocchi until crispy, approx. 5 min.
I282.3	In a large bowl, defrost peas in boiling water for approx. 2 min., then drain and roughly mash with a potato masher.
I282.4	Add chopped garlic to gnocchi in the frying pan and sauté for approx. 2 min. Add the chicken broth and the mashed peas, mix well, and leave to simmer for approx. 3 min.
I282.5	Add some of the Parmesan to the pan, stir, and reduce the heat. Add remaining butter, lemon juice, and lemon zest, and adjust seasoning with salt, pepper, and red chili flakes. Sprinkle with fresh mint and serve with the remaining Parmesan. Enjoy!
R283	apple-and-nut-pie	10
I283.1	For the crust, combine butter, confectioner’s sugar, ground almonds, flour, salt, eggs, and some of the lemon and orange zest. Beat until a smooth dough forms.
I283.2	Wrap dough in plastic wrap and transfer to refrigerator. Allow to set for approx. 1 h.
I283.3	Toast sliced almonds in a grease-free pan over medium-low heat until light brown and fragrant.
I283.4	Preheat oven to 160°C/325°F. For the filling, peel and quarter apples. Remove core with a diagonal cut. Cut quarters into thick slices.
I283.5	Caramelize sugar in a frying pan over medium-low heat for approx. 4 - 7 min. until liquid and golden.
I283.6	Sauté apples in caramelized sugar. Deglaze with apple juice. Add vanilla seeds, remaining orange and lemon zest, and cinnamon. Allow to cook until most of the liquid has evaporated. Set aside.
I283.7	In a large bowl, combine the apple mixture with toasted, chopped almonds.
I283.8	If necessary, grease pie dish and lightly flour work surface. Divide dough into two parts. Using a rolling pin, roll out so that each piece is slightly larger than the pie dish. Carefully transfer one dough round to pie dish and press into the dish. Cut off overhanging dough by rolling the rolling pin over the edges of the dish.
I283.9	Add apple-nut mixture to pie dish and spread evenly. If necessary, discard some of the excess liquid.
I283.10	Place second half of dough on top and seal around edges. Make a small hole in the middle of the pie with a round cookie cutter to allow air to escape while baking. Place pie in preheated oven at 160°C/325°F and bake until golden brown for approx. 65 - 75 min. Enjoy warm with ice cream or whipped cream.
R284	soy-vanilla-chai	2
I284.1	Add water and spices to a small pot and bring to a boil for approx. 1 min.
I284.2	Add tea bag and soy drink, cover pot, and let steep for approx. 5 min. Strain into a tea cup for serving. Enjoy!
R285	ricotta-toasts-with-honey-roasted-pears	7
I285.1	Preheat oven to 200°C/400°F. Slice baguette and arrange slices on a parchment-lined baking sheet.
I285.2	Brush both sides of bread with olive oil. Bake at 200°C/400°F until golden brown, approx. 15 min. Remove from oven and set aside to cool.
I285.3	Increase oven temperature to 220°C/425°F. Slice pears and arrange on parchment-lined baking sheet.
I285.4	Drizzle with honey and sprinkle with thyme and salt to taste. Roast in oven at 220°C/425°F for approx. 15 min. or until honey caramelizes and pears become fragrant. Set aside to cool slightly.
I285.5	Combine ricotta cheese and lemon zest.
I285.6	Top each toast with some of the ricotta cheese.
I285.7	Top the toasts with a few pear slices each. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Enjoy!
R286	white-bean-and-fennel-dip	4
I286.1	Toast the fennel seeds in a frying pan over medium heat until fragrant. Set aside to cool slightly. Zest and juice the lemon and set aside. Drain and rinse the white beans.
I286.2	Remove fennel fronds from stalks; discard stalks and transfer fronds to a food processor along with the seeds. Slice fennel bulb into wedges for serving along with any other vegetables you prefer and set aside.
I286.3	Add white beans, garlic, some lemon juice and zest, and cheese to food processor, as well. Blend until smooth, then stream olive oil and water in as you continue to blend.
I286.4	Once combined, taste and adjust seasoning as desired. Transfer dip to a serving bowl and serve alongside sliced raw vegetables. Enjoy!
R287	steamed-red-gilthead	4
I287.1	Cut half of ginger and garlic into thin slices. Julienne bell pepper. Cut half of green onion into index finger-length strips. Make two diagonal slits on each side of fish. Sprinkle with salt and pour wine on top.
I287.2	Stuff fish with chopped green onions, ginger, and garlic slices.
I287.3	Julienne remainder of ginger, garlic, and green onion.
I287.4	Bring a large pot of water to a boil over high heat and place steamer on top. Lay fish on top of steamer and steam for approx. 8 min. Then, turn off heat and continue to steam for approx. 3 min. Transfer fish to plate for serving and carefully drain excess liquid. Garnish with julienned vegetables. Now, heat up vegetable oil in a large saucepan over high heat. Pour hot oil over fish and sprinkle soy sauce on top. Enjoy!
R288	stir-fried-eggplant-potatoes-and-peppers	4
I288.1	Peel potatoes and cube. Remove seeds from bell pepper and dice, along with the eggplant. Peel ginger and chop finely. Peel and mince garlic and slice scallions.
I288.2	Heat enough oil in wok or sauté pan to cover vegetables when added. Deep fry eggplant until golden brown, remove with a slotted spoon, and transfer to a paper towel-lined plate to drain.
I288.3	Deep fry potatoes until golden brown, remove with a slotted spoon, and transfer to a paper towel-lined plate to drain.
I288.4	Pour out all but 1 tbsp. of the frying oil, then reheat wok over medium-high heat. Add scallion, ginger, and garlic to pan, then add fried potatoes, bell pepper, and some water. Stir for approx. 1 min. or until fragrant, then add sugar, salt, oyster sauce, dark soy sauce, and white pepper to taste. Add eggplant and cook for approx. 1 more min. Enjoy!
R289	classic-schnitzel	6
I289.1	In a large bowl, whisk together eggs and milk.
I289.2	Cut veal into approx. two finger thick butterflied portions.
I289.3	Beat out the veal as thinly as possible without making holes in it.
I289.4	Season cutlets with salt and pepper. Dredge each piece in flour and afterwards in the egg mixture. Set aside.
I289.5	Next, dredge the cutlets in breadcrumbs.
I289.6	In a frying pan, fry schnitzel in some butter over medium heat until golden brown and crispy. Season once more with salt. Serve with a lemon wedge and enjoy with some homemade potato salad!
R290	cranberry-pistachio-biscotti-with-jam	8
I290.1	Preheat oven to 200°C/ 390°F. Combine flour, sugar, baking soda, baking powder, soy milk, cranberries, pistachios and a pinch of salt in a stand mixer with paddle attachment and process until a dough comes together.
I290.2	Next, roll the dough into a log. Press the dough tightly together, as it can be quite crumbly due to the cranberries and pistachios.
I290.3	Transfer the log onto a lined baking tray and bake in a preheated oven at 200°C/ 390°F for approx. 20 - 30 min. until golden. Allow to cool for 30 min.
I290.4	Meanwhile, peel apples and pears and cut into hazelnut sized pieces.
I290.5	Bring fruit pieces, gelling sugar, tarragon, and a pinch of salt to a boil. Deglaze with lemon juice and allow to reduce, according to the gelling sugar's package instructions.
I290.6	Remove the sprig of tarragon and fill the jam into preserving jars, if desired.
I290.7	Now cut the cooled log into approx. 1 cm thick slices. A serrated bread knife works best here.
I290.8	Bake the biscotti on a lined baking tray in a preheated oven at 200°C/ 390°F for an additional 8 min. until crispy. Allow to cool for approx. 15 min. before serving with homemade compote.
R291	braided-italian-bread	5
I291.1	Preheat oven to 180°C/350°F. In a measuring cup, dissolve yeast and sugar in lukewarm water. Then, add to a standing mixer with flour, salt, and vegetable oil. Beat until a smooth, uniform dough forms. Cover and allow to rise in a warm place for approx. 60 min.
I291.2	Roughly chop olives and sun-dried tomatoes.
I291.3	In a food processor, pulse sun-dried tomatoes and pine nuts into a smooth paste. Season to taste with salt and pepper.
I291.4	On a lightly floured work surface, flatten out dough with a rolling pin into a large rectangle. Evenly spread sun dried tomato paste over dough and sprinkle olives on top. Then, roll dough from side to side to form a long log.
I291.5	Transfer dough to a parchment-lined baking sheet. Cut dough log in half lengthwise and then braid into a loaf. Transfer to preheated oven and bake at 180°C/350°F for approx. 35 – 45 min. Remove from oven and allow to cool or enjoy warm right away!
R292	rustic-burger	5
I292.1	Wash and slice tomato and cucumber.
I292.2	Add ground beef, Dijon mustard, and ketchup to a mixing bowl. Season with salt and pepper and mix together until combined. Divide in half and form two burger patties with your hands.
I292.3	Heat oil in a pan for approx. 2 min. and fry burger patties on both sides over medium-high heat for approx. 4 min., or until cooked to desired doneness.
I292.4	With the help of a cake ring, cut out two circles approx. the size of the burger patties from each slice of bread. They will be used as buns later. Heat oil in a frying pan over medium-high heat and toast bread on both sides for approx. 2 min., or until crisp.
I292.5	Top rye bread slices with mayonnaise, burger patties, and slices of tomato and cucumber. Enjoy!
R293	croque-monsieur	2
I293.1	Preheat oven to 200°C/390°F. Place half of toasts on a parchment-lined baking sheet.Spread an even layer of mustard over them . Follow up with a slice of ham, a slice of cheese, and an even layer of part of the sauce Mornay.
I293.2	Top with remaining toast. Spread an even amount of remainder of sauce Mornay on top of each croque monsieur and then grate hard cheese on top. Place in preheated oven at 200°C/390°F  for approx. 5 – 10 min. until cheese is golden and melted. Enjoy!
R294	veal-tenderloin-with-mushroom-sauce	7
I294.1	Remove sinews from veal tenderloin, then vacuum seal. Cook in steam oven set to sous vide function at 57°C/135°F for approx. 1.5 hrs.
I294.2	In the meantime, clean and cut mushrooms into thin slices for the mushroom sauce. Cut onion into small cubes. Finely dice garlic.
I294.3	In a sauté pan, heat up some vegetable oil over medium-high heat. Sauté onion for approx. 2 min., until translucent. Add mushrooms and fry for approx. 3 – 5 min. Deglaze with white wine and veal stock. Add halve of the chopped garlic and stir. Simmer at medium heat for approx. 10 – 15 min. until reduced by half.
I294.4	Add cream and bring to a quick boil. Season with picked thyme leaves, salt, and pepper. Bind sauce by stirring in cold butter. Let simmer for a few minutes to thicken.
I294.5	Remove tenderloin from vacuum bag after cooking and pat dry with paper towel. Season with salt and pepper.
I294.6	In a frying pan, heat up some vegetable oil over medium heat. Fry veal tenderloin on all sides until browned. Add rosemary and remaining garlic and fry with the meat. Remove tenderloin from frying pan, cover and let rest for 3 – 4 min.
I294.7	Season with fleur de sel to taste and cut into slices. Serve with mushroom sauce and potato rösti. Enjoy!
R295	black-forest-cake-in-a-glass	10
I295.1	Preheat oven to 180°C/350°F. In a stand mixer, beat together eggs and half of sugar until frothy.
I295.2	In a large bowl, mix together the flour, cornstarch, and cocoa powder and sift into the eggs. Beat to combine.
I295.3	In a steady stream, slowly add oil to batter and continue to beat for approx. 1 – 2 min. until well mixed.
I295.4	Pour the batter into a round baking form and bake in a preheated oven at 180°C (350°F) for approx. 15 – 20 min. until an inserted toothpick comes out clean.
I295.5	In a saucepan over medium heat, caramelize the rest of the sugar. Deglaze with half of the cherry brandy and all of the cherry juice. Reduce to a simmer and allow to cook for approx. 6 – 8 min.
I295.6	When the cherry sauce is reduced by half, add cherries. Continue to simmer for approx. 5 – 6 min.
I295.7	Beat cream until almost stiff. Then add the powdered sugar and continue to beat for approx. 1 min. until combined and stiff.
I295.8	Fold in remaining cherry brandy.
I295.9	Release cake. Using a cookie cutter, cut out individual cake rounds.
I295.10	In a serving glass, layer the cake, cherry sauce, and whipped cream. Repeat. Garnish with mint and chocolate shavings. Enjoy!
R296	white-chocolate-mousse	8
I296.1	Soften gelatin in cold water.
I296.2	Beat eggs and egg yolks with hand mixer until fluffy.
I296.3	Roughly chop couverture and melt in a double boiler. Then, whisk into the egg mixture until smooth.
I296.4	Heat the advocaat in a small sauce pan. Add softened gelatin and whisk until it has fully dissolved.
I296.5	Add the warm advocaat to the chocolate mixture and whisk until well combined. Leave the mixture to chill for approx. 20 min.
I296.6	Now whip heavy cream in a standing mixer or with a hand mixer until stiff peaks form.
I296.7	Now fold the whipped cream carefully into the cold chocolate mixture. Handle gently, so that the mousse remains airy.
I296.8	Fill the mousse into serving dishes and cover well. Chill for at least 1 hour before serving.
R297	pasta-asparagus-salad	6
I297.1	Peel asparagus and cut into bite-sized pieces. Wash and slice radishes. Finely chop dill.
I297.2	Cook pasta in a large pot with salted water for approx. 8 – 10 min., until al dente.
I297.3	Toast pine nuts in a small frying pan for approx. 3 – 4 min. on medium-low heat until browned.
I297.4	Heat oil in a large frying pan and sauté sliced asparagus for approx. 4 – 5 min. on medium heat. Add sugar and season with salt and pepper. Deglaze with some of the orange juice. Take from heat and add sliced radishes.
I297.5	Prepare vinaigrette by stirring olive oil, mustard, lemon juice, and remaining orange juice together. Season with salt and pepper.
I297.6	In a large bowl, mix together pasta, asparagus, radishes, and chopped dill. Drizzle vinaigrette on top and serve with toasted pine nuts. If desired, grate Parmesan cheese on top. Enjoy!
R298	german-apple-cake	6
I298.1	Combine yeast and milk in bowl of stand mixer, then cover and set aside until it turns foamy, approx. 10 min.
I298.2	Add eggs and salt, as well as some of the flour, sugar, and butter, and mix until dough forms. Cover and let rise for approx. 45 min., or until almost doubled in size.
I298.3	Meanwhile, peel, core, and slice apples.
I298.4	Toss apples with lemon juice and zest and set aside.
I298.5	Mix together cinnamon, nutmeg, and some of the sugar. Grease a large rectangular baking dish with butter. Preheat oven to 180°C/350°F. Turn dough out onto lightly floured surface, knead a couple of times until smooth, and roll out to fit the baking pan.
I298.6	Transfer dough to baking dish and sprinkle with almonds. Spread apple slices on top, then sprinkle with sugar mixture. For the crumble, combine flour, remaining sugar, butter, salt, and vanilla sugar and use your fingers to combine into large crumbs. Sprinkle crumble over apples and bake at 180°C/350°F for approx. 45 min. Remove from oven and let cool. Cut into squares and enjoy!
R299	mojito	2
I299.1	Cut lime into pieces. In a glass, add sugar and lime pieces. Gently muddle mint stalks between the palms of your hand and add to glass. Add soda water and crush ingredients with a pestle.
I299.2	Add ice cubes to glass. Pour in rum and lightly stir. Top up with soda water. Garnish with mint and enjoy!
R300	kohlrabi-and-potato-casserole	4
I300.1	Preheat oven to 200°C/400°F. Peel kohlrabi and potatoes and thinly slice. Finely dice onion and slice spring onions into fine rings. In a large bowl, mix kefir, heavy cream, and eggs, and season with nutmeg, salt, and pepper.
I300.2	Grease a large casserole dish with butter, sprinkle with some of the onions and spring onions, and add a layer of potato and kohlrabi slices. Repeat for a second layer. For the third layer, sprinkle more onion and spring onions, then add the cooked ham, some of the shredded cheese, and some of the oats. Layer the remaining kohlrabi and potatoes on top.
I300.3	Pour the cream mixture over everything, and top off the casserole with the remaining cheese and oats.
I300.4	Transfer casserole to oven and bake at 200°C/400°F for approx. 60 min., or until golden brown. Let cool slightly, sprinkle with more spring onions, and serve. Enjoy!
R301	coffee-crusted-pork-tenderloin	4
I301.1	Preheat oven to 180°C/350°F. Thinly slice shallot.
I301.2	In a small bowl, mix together coffee, cayenne pepper, and salt. Generously rub pork with coffee mixture.
I301.3	In a Dutch oven, sear tenderloin in coconut oil over medium heat, approx. 2 – 3 min. per side. Transfer Dutch oven to preheated oven and bake at 180°C/350°F on the middle grate for approx. 13 – 15 min. Remove from oven, wrap pork in foil, and let rest for approx. 10 – 12 min.
I301.4	Meanwhile, in a separate large pot, heat olive oil over medium heat and sauté shallot for approx. 2 – 3 min. until translucent. Add blueberries, turn heat to high, and cook for approx. 2 – 3 min, stirring constantly. Add vinegar and water, bring to a boil, then reduce heat to low and let simmer for approx. 10 – 15 min. until sauce has thickened. Cut the tenderloin into slices for serving and garnish with blueberry sauce. Enjoy!
R302	austrian-apricot-dumplings	5
I302.1	Split and scrape vanilla bean. Wash, dry, halve, and remove the stones from the apricots. Finely chop the pistachios.
I302.2	For the vanilla sauce, place the cream, milk, and vanilla bean seeds and pod in a saucepan and boil briefly. Mix egg yolks and sugar in a bowl until lighter in color and fluffy. Add a few tbsp. of milk mixture to the egg yolks and mix to temper. Then pour the egg mixture slowly back into the pot and simmer with constant stirring until the vanilla sauce is thickened. Remove vanilla bean pod, transfer immediately to a serving vessel, and set aside.
I302.3	Mix all the ingredients for the dough and knead until the dough does not stick together. Dust with flour as needed. Divide the dough into 8 portions and roll into balls. Push the balls flat and place an apricot half in the center. Close dough around the fruit close and roll again to balls.
I302.4	In a large saucepan, bring water to a boil. Cook the apricot dumplings for approx. 10 min. until they bob to the surface. Remove from the pot with a slotted spoon and allow to drain well.
I302.5	For the breadcrumbs, heat the butter in a frying pan until it becomes frothy. Add the breadcrumbs, sugar, and chopped pistachios and stir until golden brown. Serve the apricot dumpling with vanilla sauce and bread crumbs. Enjoy!
R303	mexican-quinoa-bowl	4
I303.1	Peel and crush garlic. Slice avocado. Tear spinach leaves. Combine kidney beans, garlic clove, cilantro sprigs, and 2 tbsp water in a small saucepan. Add a pinch of salt and bring to a boil, then lower heat and simmer, covered partially, for approx. 5 min.
I303.2	Add cooked quinoa and torn spinach leaves to bean mixture with a pinch of salt. Stir to combine, then partially cover and let cook over low heat for approx. 2 min.
I303.3	In a frying pan, heat olive oil over medium-high heat and fry egg. Season with salt and pepper.
I303.4	Remove garlic clove and cilantro stems from quinoa mixture and transfer mixture to a serving bowl. Top with avocado slices, fried egg, and cilantro leaves. Serve with hot sauce to taste.
R304	german-pork-roast-with-sauerkraut	5
I304.1	Preheat oven to 150°C/300°F. Roughly dice carrot, celery root and half of the onions. Cut remaining onions into rings.
I304.2	In a large saucepan, caramelize sugar and add onion rings. Once they have softened and browned, add sauerkraut and stir thoroughly.
I304.3	Deglaze with a part of the apple juice and all of the white wine. Add butter to pan, season with salt and pepper, and allow to simmer for approx. 30 min.
I304.4	In the meantime, score the skin side of the roast crosswise. Tuck cloves into the incisions. Slather the opposite side with mustard. Then, mix salt, pepper, paprika, and caraway seeds. Sprinkle mixture evenly over roast and pat it in.
I304.5	In a roasting dish, sauté carrot, celery root, diced onion, and tomato paste in some vegetable oil over medium-high heat for approx. 8 – 10 min. until slightly tender. Deglaze pan with the remaining apple juice. Place roast on top of vegetables and bake in preheated oven at 150°C/300°F for approx. 3 hrs. Serve on a bed of sauerkraut and roasted vegetables. Enjoy!
R305	crispy-grissini-with-sesame	4
I305.1	Work the flour, water, yeast, sugar, salt and olive oil into a smooth dough using a standing mixer or alternatively, by hand.
I305.2	Roll into thin sticks on a work surface. One batch of dough should be enough for 10 to 15 grissini.
I305.3	Sprinkle grissini with sesame seeds. Ideally, roll the grissini in the sesame seeds so they stick better. Place the sticks onto a lined baking tray, cover, and leave to rise in a warm place for 20 min.
I305.4	Meanwhile preheat the oven to 200°C/ 390°F. Bake the grissini in the preheated oven for approx 10 min until golden. Allow to cool for approx. 10 min. Serve with a selection of dips.
R306	italian-power-bowl	3
I306.1	Segment half of the orange, set aside. Juice the other half. Mix together honey, olive oil, and blood orange juice until combined. Set aside. Toast pistachios in a small frying pan until fragrant. Roughly chop. Slice radicchio into bite-size pieces.
I306.2	Bring a medium pot of water to a simmer. Add salt and white vinegar. Use wooden spoon to create a whirlpool, then slowly add egg. Let cook until egg white is set, approx. 3 min.
I306.3	Arrange pearl barley and radicchio in a serving bowl. Top with blood orange slices, toasted pistachios, ricotta, and poached egg. Drizzle everything with vinaigrette. Add salt and pepper to taste. Enjoy!
R307	duck-breasts-with-pomegranate-sauce	7
I307.1	Preheat oven to 180°C/355°F. Finely chop garlic. Make crosswise incisions along the skin of the duck breasts. Be sure not to cut through the skin.
I307.2	Now, mix chopped garlic with soy sauce and rice wine.
I307.3	Place duck breasts skin-side up in the baking dish and cover with soy marinade. Season with salt and pepper. Bake at 180°C/355°F for approx. 8 – 10 min. until the skin is slightly crispy.
I307.4	Dissolve pomegranate syrup in chicken stock and add to duck breasts. Then turn down the oven to 100°C/210°F and continue baking for another 10 – 15 min.
I307.5	In the meantime, deseed pomegranate.
I307.6	Remove duck breasts from the oven. Add some oil to a large frying pan and crisp duck in hot oil on both sides, starting with the skin-side down. Fry for 1 – 2 min. on each side until cooked to the desired degree.
I307.7	Meanwhile, add the remaining sauce from the baking dish to a small saucepan and bring to a boil. Dissolve cornstarch in some water and add to the sauce until thickened. Stir in most of the pomegranate seeds and season to taste with salt and pepper. Cut duck breasts and serve with sauce and a sprinkle of the remaining pomegranate seeds.
R308	glowing-red-smoothie	3
I308.1	Peel and slice cucumber. Dice red beet.
I308.2	Place cucumber, red beets, frozen raspberries, agave syrup, and water into blender. Pick mint leaves and add to blender.
I308.3	Blend on high speed for approx. 2 – 3 min. until smooth. Enjoy as an energizing snack or breakfast.
R309	tomato-melon-gazpacho-with-coconut-croutons	4
I309.1	Preheat oven to 175°C/350°F. Dice tomatoes, bell pepper, onion, and cucumber. If you like, remove the seeds from chili, then mince. Peel and cube melon.
I309.2	Add all chopped ingredients olive oil, cumin, lime juice, and mint to the blender and finely purée. Chill the gazpacho until ready to serve.
I309.3	Cut the bread into cubes for the coconut croutons. Pour coconut oil over the cubes until bread  is evenly soaked in oil.
I309.4	Place the croutons on a baking tray and bake at 175°C/350°F for approx. 20 min. until the croutons are crisp and slightly browned. Meanwhile, slice avocado and roughly chop cilantro and mint for serving. Fill the gazpacho into small bowls and garnish with avocado, herbs, and croutons. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Enjoy!
R310	teriyaki-chicken-skewers	7
I310.1	Preheat the grill. Cut chicken breast into bite-sized pieces.
I310.2	Finely mince garlic cloves. Remove the seeds from chili pepper and finely chop. Cut red bell pepper and green asparagus into bite-sized pieces.
I310.3	For the marinade, roast minced garlic in some olive oil. Add soy sauce, mirin, lemon grass, brown sugar, diced chili pepper, and orange juice. Allow the sauce to reduce for approx. 8 – 10 min. on medium to high heat. Then allow to cool for 10 – 15 min.
I310.4	Marinate chicken breast, bell pepper, and asparagus in the Teriyaki sauce and chill for approx. 30 – 40 min.
I310.5	Alternating, thread chicken breast, pepper, and asparagus onto skewers.
I310.6	Coarsely chop peanuts and cut spring onion into fine rings.
I310.7	Grill skewers on all sides (approx. 6 – 8 min.) and place each one on a salad leave. Sprinkle spring onion and peanuts on top before serving.
R311	millet-maki	2
I311.1	Homemade sushi is not rocket science. In fact, making delicious sushi rolls at home is easy and so much fun! This recipe for millet maki is a great vegan alternative to the sushi rolls you probably know. Here, you'll substitute nutritious millet for rice and use colorful vegetables and fruits like cucumber, carrot, and mango instead of fresh fish. The best thing about it? - Choose whatever veggie filling you like or have on hand. Dip the maki into soy sauce and enjoy!
I311.2	Millet is prepared like rice, and takes approx. 20 - 25 min. to cook. First, rinse the millet in a sieve under cold water to remove dirt until the water runs clear. Then, simply combine 3 parts water with 1 part millet in a small pot and bring to a boil.   Once boiling, turn down the heat and simmer with lid for approx. 20 min., stirring occasionally. When the liquid has been absorbed, remove pot from the heat and leave it to stand with lid on for aprrox. 10 min. to ensure moist and sticky millet.  For the filling, simply cut the vegetables and mango into 0.25 cm thick sticks, which makes them perfectly sized to fit in the maki. Use a box grater to shred the carrots.   Watch the video to see how it's done!
R312	classic-waldorf-salad	5
I312.1	Slice off peel of root celery. Grate root celery and apples using the large holes of a box grater.
I312.2	Transfer to a large bowl. Add lemon juice, crème fraiche, and walnuts into the bowl.
I312.3	Season to taste with sugar, salt, and pepper. Mix well to combine and set aside.
I312.4	Roughly chop parsley. Halve grapes and cut celery stalks into fine slices.
I312.5	Add chopped parsley, grapes and celery to the salad. Stir to combine. Enjoy with fresh parsley leaves and ground pepper.
R313	vegetable-spiral-tart	8
I313.1	Sift flour and a pinch of salt into a large bowl. Add butter in small pieces. Working quickly, combine the dough into coarse crumbs. Add cold water and form into a ball. Wrap in plastic wrap, transfer to refrigerator, and let rest for approx. 30 - 60 min.
I313.2	In the meantime, cut mozzarella into small cubes and grate Gruyère and Parmesan cheeses. Mix cheeses with sour cream and salt. Season to taste with pepper, smoked paprika and nutmeg. Set aside until needed.
I313.3	Preheat oven to 180°C/350°F. Peel long thin strips from zucchini, eggplant and carrots.  Try to make all the same width if possible, halving some lengthwise if needed. Season each slice with salt and pepper.
I313.4	Flour work surface. Remove dough from refrigerator and roll out thinly. Grease tart pan and place dough into it. Trim edges if needed. Using a fork, poke holes into bottom, return to refrigerator, and let rest for approx. 10 min.
I313.5	Carefully place parchment paper on the dough and fill with pie weights or dried beans. Blind bake in the preheated oven at 180°C/350°F for approx. 15 – 20 min. until edges are golden.
I313.6	Meanwhile, arrange vegetable slices in a spiral, alternating the colors. Continue until the spiral is almost as large as the tart pan.
I313.7	Increase oven temperature to 190°C/375°F. Remove parchment paper and pie weights from tart pan. Pour cheese filling into tart. Carefully transfer vegetable spiral into the pan, tucking any loose ends in. Brush top of tart with olive oil and bake for approx. 40 – 50 min.
I313.8	Serve the tart warm.
R314	light-strawberry-and-asparagus-salad	4
I314.1	Trim wooden ends of asparagus and cut into pieces at a light angle (approx. 1 cm pieces). Hull strawberries and quarter.
I314.2	Heat up some olive oil in large frying pan and fry asparagus pieces at moderate heat for approx. 8 – 10 min. until tender. Season with salt and pepper.
I314.3	Roughly chop pistachios. For the vinaigrette, mix olive oil, balsamic vinegar, and salt and pepper.
I314.4	Combine baby spinach, fried asparagus, strawberries, and crumbled feta in a bowl. Dress with vinaigrette and sprinkle with pistachios to serve.
R315	no-churn-strawberry-sorbet	4
I315.1	Hull the strawberries and transfer to a food processor or blender along with the jam, lime juice, water, and salt to taste. Purée until smooth. Add more salt, lime juice, or jam to taste, if needed.
I315.2	Transfer mixture to a shallow pan, cover, and freeze until hard, approx. 3 – 4 hrs.
I315.3	Break up the frozen mixture with a fork, then return to food processor or blender and blend until there are no more frozen chunks. Continue to process, scraping down the bowl from time to time, until mixture is smooth and has lightened in color.
I315.4	Return to freezer if needed, or serve straight from the food processor. If the sorbet is too hard, let it soften in the fridge for approx. 15 min. Enjoy!
R316	mini-quiche-lorraine	7
I316.1	Preheat oven to 180°C/355°F. Combine flour, butter, water, sugar, and salt in either a standing mixer or by hand, until a dough forms.
I316.2	Thinly roll out dough on a lightly floured work surface. Press dough into the bottom and up the sides of mini tart tins, buttered if necessary. Trim off edges. Line with baking paper and weigh down with pie weights.
I316.3	Blind bake the pastry crusts in a preheated oven at 180°C/355°F for approx. 15 min. Set aside and let cool completely.
I316.4	Meanwhile, slice leek and bacon into fine strips.
I316.5	Sauté leek and bacon in some vegetable oil. Lightly season with salt and pepper and then distribute among the cooled crusts.
I316.6	Whisk heavy cream and eggs with a pinch of salt and evenly pour the mixture into crusts. Use a container with a spout for easy filling.
I316.7	Bake again in a preheated oven at 200°C /390°F for approx. 20 min. until golden. Allow to cool for 5 – 10 min. before serving.
R317	chewy-chocolate-chip-cookies	5
I317.1	Preheat oven to 180°C/350°F. In a bowl, mix flour, baking soda, and salt.
I317.2	In another bowl, beat soft butter, brown sugar, and vanilla sugar until fluffy and pale.
I317.3	Beat in eggs, one at a time, until fully incorporated.
I317.4	Add flour mixture to the butter mixture. Whisk until combined, then fold in chocolate drops.
I317.5	Scoop dough onto a lined baking sheet, leaving enough space in between cookies. Flatten slightly with the back of the scoop. Bake in preheated oven for approx. 10 – 12 min. at 180°C/350°F until golden. Cookies should remain soft on the inside. Allow to cool for approx. 10 min. before serving.
R318	congee	5
I318.1	Cut carrot into bite-sized pieces and ham into cubes. Peel and thinly slice ginger. Slice green onion into rings.
I318.2	Add water, wine, carrots, ginger, guinea fowl, ham, rock sugar, salt, and pepper to a large saucepan. Bring to a boil, then reduce to medium heat and simmer for approx. 25 - 30 min.
I318.3	Remove guinea fowl from pan. Cut the meat into strips. Set aside.
I318.4	Skim the fat from the soup with a spoon and discard. Add rice to pan and bring to a boil. Reduce to medium heat and allow to simmer for approx. 15 - 20 min., stirring occasionally. Now, return the heat to high and add guinea fowl meat back to the pan. Stir well. As soon as the congee returns to a boil, remove the pan from the heat.
I318.5	Ladle congee into bowls for serving. Garnish with chopped green onion. Enjoy!
R319	grilled-vegetable-platter	5
I319.1	Preheat the grill. Cut off the tough ends of sweet corn and divide into serving sizes. Precook sweet corn in salted boiling water for approx. 15 – 20 min.
I319.2	Cut off the top of bell pepper, remove the stem. Discard the seeds and membranes. Cut zucchini, eggplant, and tomato into thick slices. Discard stems.
I319.3	Stuff bell pepper with thyme, rosemary, and crushed garlic. Season gently with salt and pepper and drizzle some olive oil on top.
I319.4	Marinate eggplant and zucchini slices with some olive oil in a large bowl. Add coarsely chopped thyme, rosemary, and crushed cloves of garlic. Gently season with salt and pepper and mix well.
I319.5	Place vegetables on the hot grill and season again with salt. Grill for approx. 10 – 15 min. turning occasionally. Remove corn, eggplant, zucchini and tomato from direct heat and finish cooking for another 2 – 5 min. Serve with some butter and yogurt dips to taste.
R320	coconut-shrimp-with-lemongrass-chili-dip	4
I320.1	Set up three bowls for the shrimp batter. Put flour in the first. In the second, blend the eggs, mustard, and curry powder. Mix panko and coconut shavings in the third.
I320.2	Now, season shrimp with salt and pepper and dip each one in the three bowls. First the flour, then the egg mixture, finishing off with the panko-coconut mix.
I320.3	Deep fry the breaded shrimp in a deep frying pan with hot vegetable oil for approx. 30 - 60 sec. on both sides until golden. Remove and place on a paper towel-lined plate to drain excess oil.
I320.4	For the dip, finely chop a small piece from the white end of a stick of lemongrass. Then mix sweet chili sauce with plain yogurt, finely chopped lemongrass and the zest from a quarter of the lime. Season with salt and pepper and serve with the crispy shrimp.
R321	braised-venison-with-lingonberry-sauce	7
I321.1	Make an incision in the venison shoulder along the shoulder blade. This way the meat will easily detach from the bone when braising. Season with salt and pepper on both sides and set aside.
I321.2	Roughly chop onions, carrot, and garlic. Peel and cube celery root.
I321.3	Heat some vegetable oil in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add onions, garlic, carrot, and celery root and sauté until slightly browned, approx. 5 - 8 min. Add tomato paste and continue to cook approx. 2 - 3 min. until tomato paste is lightly roasted.
I321.4	Deglaze with red wine. Preheat oven to 170°C/350°F. Continue cooking until liquid has reduced by half. Add allspice berries, juniper berries, and bay leaf.
I321.5	Place venison shoulder in a baking dish and ladle red wine and vegetable mixture on top. Add half of the venison stock and quince juice and bake in preheated oven at 170°C/350°F for approx. 50 min., removing from oven several times to add remaining venison stock and quince juice.
I321.6	When meat is done, remove it from the baking dish. Pour the leftover liquid into a saucepan over medium-low heat and add lingonberry jam. Cook, stirring occasionally, until sauce has reached desired consistency, then remove from heat and season to taste with sugar, salt, and pepper.
I321.7	Pour lingonberry sauce over venison to serve. Enjoy!
R322	red-cabbage-with-grilled-avocado	6
I322.1	Halve grapes and chop walnuts roughly. Halve red cabbage, remove stem, and thinly slice.
I322.2	Fill half of a large saucepan with water, add some salt, and bring to a boil. Place red cabbage into boiling water and blanch for approx. 3 – 5 min. Then, drain and rinse with cold water.
I322.3	For the dressing, add orange juice, olive oil, walnut oil, raspberry vinegar, agave syrup, and balsamic cream to a canning jar. Season to taste with salt and pepper and shake well to combine.
I322.4	In a large bowl, combine red cabbage, grapes, walnuts, and dressing. Mix well to combine.
I322.5	Quarter and pit avocado. Carefully remove peel and cut into slices. Brush with vegetable oil.
I322.6	Preheat a grill pan over medium-high heat. Grill avocado slices on each side for approx. 1 – 2 min. Drizzle with lemon juice. For serving, transfer salad to a plate and top each portion with grilled avocado. Enjoy with fresh bread.
R323	venison-with-pumpkin-sugo	10
I323.1	Preheat oven to 90°C/200°F. Remove tendons from venison, then cut 1 piece per portion. Lightly salt each piece. Heat a frying pan over medium-high heat, add butter, and fry venison until all sides are browned. Remove from heat and transfer to the oven for approx. 20 min, until venison is cooked but pink in the middle. Cover with aluminum foil and set aside to rest.
I323.2	Lightly toast juniper berries in a dry pan. Gently grind juniper berries with a mortar and pestle. Transfer to a saucepan along with stock and cream. Simmer for approx. 15 – 20 min. Remove from heat and season with salt and pepper.
I323.3	Meanwhile, peel and mince shallots, garlic, and ginger. Finely chop parsley, grate carrots and cheese, and peel and cube potatoes.
I323.4	Deseed and cube pumpkin. Blanche potatoes and pumpkin for approx. 3 - 5 min. in a large pot of boiling water, drain and set aside, reserving some blanching water for later.
I323.5	Heat another saucepan over medium heat, then add some butter. Sauté shallots, garlic, ginger, and carrots until softened and fragrant.
I323.6	Add some cream and some of the blanching water to the saucepan, then bring to a boil. Add the pumpkin and potato cubes and simmer for approx. 5 – 7 min. Add parsley, cheese, nutmeg, and salt and pepper to taste. Stir in pumpkin seeds.
I323.7	Heat frying pan over medium heat, then add some butter, garlic, ginger, and rosemary. Warm and coat the venison in the butter, then add pepper to taste.
I323.8	Pass juniper cream through a sieve and discard the berries.
I323.9	Season to taste with nutmeg, salt, and sugar, then add cold butter and use a hand blender to purée until foamy.
I323.10	Serve slices of venison over the pumpkin ragu and drizzle with juniper cream. Enjoy!
R324	summer-salad-with-steak-and-nectarine	5
I324.1	Preheat the oven to 60°C/140°F. Drizzle some olive oil on both sides of the steak and pre-cook in the oven for approx. 15 – 20 min. Remove meat from the oven and grill for approx. 2 – 3 min. per side. Cover with aluminum foil and allow to rest for 5 – 10 min. Season with salt and pepper.
I324.2	Remove seeds from chili pepper and finely chop. Chop up mint leaves as well. Slice tomatoes and nectarines into wedges.
I324.3	For the dressing, mix olive oil, balsamic vinegar, mustard, chopped mint and chili pepper, sugar, and salt and pepper.
I324.4	Toast nut mix in a pan until golden brown. A combination of hazelnuts, almonds, cashews, and Brazil nuts works well.
I324.5	In a salad bowl, toss arugula, tomatoes, and nectarines with the dressing and place on serving plates. Slice up tenderloin and arrange on top of the salad. Sprinkle with toasted nuts and season again with salt and pepper before serving.
R325	cornflake-crusted-crunchy-fish-sticks	4
I325.1	Cut the cod into strips (approx. the size of an index finger).
I325.2	Set up three bowls for breading. Put flour in the first. In the second, beat the eggs. Mix panko and cornflakes in the third.
I325.3	Season the cod with salt and pepper, and dredge each strip through each of the three bowls: first the flour, then the egg, finishing off with the panko cornflake mix.
I325.4	Deep fry the fish fillets in hot vegetable oil for approx 1 - 2 min. on both sides until golden. Remove with a skimmer and place on a paper towel lined-plate. Serve immediately while crispy with mashed potatoes and a variety of dips.
R326	eggplant-parmesan	8
I326.1	Finely dice onion and mince garlic. Roughly chop basil and rosemary. Measure out oregano and thyme. Slice eggplant lengthwise.
I326.2	In a large saucepan, heat up some olive oil and sauté onion and garlic over medium heat for approx. 5 – 7 min. until translucent. Add tomato paste and continue to sauté for an additional 1 – 2 min.
I326.3	Add tomatoes to saucepan and bring to a simmer.
I326.4	Add salt, pepper, oregano, thyme, and rosemary to tomato sauce. Allow to simmer for approx. 10 – 15 min.
I326.5	In a frying pan, heat up some olive oil over medium heat. Sauté eggplant for approx. 2 – 3 min. per side. Set aside.
I326.6	Cut mozzarella into slices approximately as thin as eggplant.
I326.7	In a baking dish, create two separate layers of eggplant, mozzarella, and tomato sauce.
I326.8	Preheat oven to 180°C (350°F). Top off dish with basil and Parmesan. Transfer to oven and bake for approx. 20 – 25 min. until golden brown. Garnish with fresh basil leaves and enjoy warm!
R327	kaiserschmarrn-caramelized-pancake	6
I327.1	Preheat oven to 220°C/425°F and separate eggs. In a stand mixer, beat egg whites with sugar until doubled in volume and stiff peaks have formed.
I327.2	Transfer beaten egg whites to a large bowl. Add egg yolks, vanilla sugar, milk, flour, and a pinch of salt to stand mixer and beat until well combined.
I327.3	Carefully fold the beaten egg whites into the pancake batter.
I327.4	Melt butter in a frying pan over medium heat. Add batter to pan, sprinkle raisins on top, and cook for approx. 3 - 5 min. Transfer to preheated oven and bake at 220°C/425°F for approx. 10 - 15 min. until golden.
I327.5	Using two forks, tear into bite-sized pieces.
I327.6	Garnish with confectioner’s sugar and enjoy!
R328	greek-tomatoes-with-turkish-flatbread	3
I328.1	Wash tomatoes and halve crossways. Peel and finely chop garlic and basil leaves. Crumble feta cheese.
I328.2	Place halved tomatoes in cooking container with cut side facing up. Top with chopped garlic, season with salt and pepper, and spread basil and feta cheese on top.
I328.3	Steam for approx. 5 min. at 100°C/210°F. If desired, serve with roasted Turkish flatbread. Enjoy!
R329	quick-chocolate-pudding	4
I329.1	Roughly chop chocolate.
I329.2	In a small saucepan, heat up cream, some of the milk, vanilla sugar, cinnamon, and chocolate pieces until the chocolate has melted. Make sure that the mixture does not boil. Stir occasionally.
I329.3	Whisk cocoa powder into the mixture and let cook for approx. 1 - 2 min. over low heat. In the meantime, dissolve cornstarch in the remaining milk until smooth. Stir into chocolate mixture until the pudding thickens. Add a pinch of salt. Immediately remove from heat.
I329.4	Beat sugar and egg yolks with a hand mixer until fluffy and pale. Fold immediately in the pudding. Fill in serving dishes and serve warm or cold.
R330	swiss-roll-cake-pops	6
I330.1	Defrost frozen raspberries, if using. Deseed raspberries by pushing them through a sieve into a mixing bowl.
I330.2	Add chia seeds, honey, and vanilla seeds to the berries and let rest for approx. 25 min., allowing the chia seeds to soak.
I330.3	Preheat oven to 200°C/390°F, top-bottom heat. Sift the spelt and teff flours together; set aside. Separate the eggs and beat egg whites together with salt until stiff peaks form. Sift in coconut sugar and beat again until stiff. Alternate folding in the egg yolks and flour mixture by the spoonful.
I330.4	Pour batter onto a parchment-lined baking sheet and smooth out to about 1.5 cm/0.5 inches high. Bake at 200°C/390°F for approx. 8 - 10 min., or until lightly browned.
I330.5	Take cake out of the oven and turn onto a clean kitchen towel. Remove parchment paper and, if necessary, turn cake so that the smooth side faces downwards. Coat cake with chia-raspberry jam. Use kitchen towel to roll up the cake tightly.
I330.6	Cut off rough ends of the cake roll. Insert paper drinking straws every 2 cm/0.75 inch, then slice the roll into individual cake pops. Coat with dried rice syrup to taste.
R331	scotch-eggs	6
I331.1	Cook eggs on high heat in a small saucepan filled with boiling water for approx. 5 min.
I331.2	Use vegetable peeler to cut cucumber into tagliatelle-like strips.
I331.3	Finely dice scallion. Chop dill. Combine in a bowl with cucumber tagliatelle, vegetable oil, vinegar, salt, pepper, and sugar to taste. Toss to combine.
I331.4	Finely dice shallot. Chop parsley. Combine with ground beef, breadcrumbs, mustard, ketchup, salt, and pepper in a bowl.
I331.5	Evenly coat boiled eggs with ground beef mixture and fry in hot vegetable oil over medium-high heat for approx. 5 min. until golden brown. Make sure to carefully turn them occasionally.
I331.6	Serve on top of homemade cucumber salad. Enjoy!
R332	smarties-cake	7
I332.1	Butter cake pan and line bottom with parchment paper. Preheat oven to 175°C/350°F. Whisk together flour, baking powder, and salt and set aside.
I332.2	Whisk together cocoa powder, some of the milk, and some of the sugar until smooth.
I332.3	Beat eggs and sugar together until smooth. Stir in oil, some of the milk, and vanilla extract.
I332.4	Fold in dry ingredients and mix until smooth.
I332.5	Transfer approx. half of batter to chocolate mixture and stir until combined and uniform. To create stripes, first spoon about 2 tablespoons of vanilla batter into center of cake pan. With a clean spoon, scoop same about of chocolate batter directly onto center of vanilla batter. Continue alternating batters in this way until all of it is used. Bake for approx. 35 – 40  min., or until toothpick inserted into center of cake comes out clean. Let cake cool for 15 min. before turning out of pan. Let cool completely on cooling rack.
I332.6	In a large bowl, cream some of the butter and cocoa powder until smooth and uniform. Stir in half of powdered sugar and salt, then add milk. Beat mixture on high speed, then add second half of powdered sugar. Beat until light and fluffy. Stir in some of the vanilla extract.
I332.7	Frost cooled cake with buttercream and over in Smarties by gently pressing the candies into buttercream.
R333	banana-bread	7
I333.1	In a standing mixer, combine flour, baking powder, vanilla sugar, and a pinch of salt.
I333.2	Peel some of the bananas. Use a fork to mash in a bowl.
I333.3	Add eggs, brown sugar, buttermilk, and melted butter to bowl and whisk to combine.
I333.4	Add wet ingredients to mixer and beat until well combined.
I333.5	Preheat oven to 180°C / 350°F. Add hazelnuts to freezer bag and crush with rolling pin.
I333.6	Add crushed hazelnuts to mixer and beat to combine.
I333.7	If needed, grease baking dish. Pour in half of batter. Peel remaining banana and place it on top of the batter. Cover with remaining batter. Transfer to oven and bake in preheated oven at 180°C / 350°F until an inserted toothpick comes out clean, approx. 40 – 50 min. Allow to cool, then sprinkle with confectioners’ sugar. Enjoy with whipped cream or with homemade hazelnut spread.
R334	mushroom-and-cranberry-tart	7
I334.1	Add flour, butter, a pinch of salt, and a part of the eggs to a standing mixer. Knead until a smooth dough forms.
I334.2	Place dough in plastic wrap, transfer to refrigerator, and let rest for approx. 30 min.
I334.3	In the meantime, finely dice onion. Finely slice green onions and chives. Roughly chop cranberries. Clean and cube mushrooms.
I334.4	Preheat oven to 180°C/350°F. Heat some vegetable oil in a large frying pan and sauté onions until translucent. Add mushrooms and sauté for approx. 8 - 10 min. until any liquid has evaporated. Add cranberries and green onions to mixture, stir, and set aside.
I334.5	Flour working surface and roll out dough. Transfer to a greased tart pan. Carefully place a sheet of parchment paper on the dough and fill with pie weights or dried beans. Blind bake in preheated oven at 180°C/350°F for approx. 8 – 10 min. Set aside.
I334.6	Meanwhile, mix crème fraîche, whipping cream, chives and remaining eggs in a large bowl. Season with salt, pepper, and grated nutmeg.
I334.7	Remove pie weights and parchment paper and fill dough with mushroom mixture. Pour sour cream mixture over mushrooms. Bake in preheated oven at 180°C/350°F for approx. 35 - 40 min.
R335	no-bake-spinach-and-ricotta-lasagna	7
I335.1	Roast the pine nuts in a pan until golden.
I335.2	Mix the roasted pine nuts with ricotta, freshly chopped thyme and rosemary, the zest of one orange and lemon, honey, and salt and pepper.
I335.3	Cook lasagna sheets in salted boiling water, according to the package instructions, until al dente. Stir occasionally to prevent the sheets from sticking to each other. Drain and halve when done.
I335.4	In the meantime, finely dice shallots and garlic. Halve cherry tomatoes.
I335.5	Sauté shallots, garlic, cherry tomatoes, and spinach in a frying pan with some vegetable oil.
I335.6	Now layer the lasagne with all components. First, put the ricotta on a plate and place the vegetables on top.
I335.7	Next, place a halved lasagne sheet on top. Press down slightly and repeat the process as often as required. For a decorative effect, finish with vegetables on the very top.
R336	wedding-cupcakes	6
I336.1	Preheat oven to 175°C/350°F. Line cupcake tins with liners. Combine flour, starch, baking powder, and some of the salt in a bowl and set aside.
I336.2	Add butter and sugar to another large mixing bowl and beat until fluffy and lightened in color. Beat in eggs one by one, then add vanilla extract and rosewater.
I336.3	Alternate adding flour mixture and milk to batter. Mix briefly until dough just comes together. Use an ice cream scoop to add an even amount of batter to each cupcake liner. Bake at 175°C/350°F for approx. 18 – 20 min., or until a toothpick inserted into the center of each cupcake comes out clean. Let cool completely.
I336.4	To prepare the buttercream, set up a double boiler by placing a heatproof bowl over a large saucepan filled with simmering water. Add egg whites, remaining sugar, and salt to bowl and whisk together. Keep whisking for approx. 5 min., until temperature has reached 71°C/160°F. Remove from heat. Add remaining rosewater and vanilla extract and whisk egg white mixture until stiff peaks form, and it has cooled down to room temperature.
I336.5	Cut remaining butter into small pieces. Incorporate little by little into stiff egg whites. Add confectioner’s sugar and keep beating until cream is homogenous and shiny. Place nozzle in piping bag and fill with frosting. Refrigerate, if needed.
I336.6	Frost the cupcakes by working your way from inside out, drawing upwards in circles. Decorate each cupcake with a sugarcoated rose petal. Enjoy!
R337	glazed-coconut-lemon-cupcakes	4
I337.1	Weigh out all ingredients. Preheat the oven to 160°C(fan)/350°F. Grease the muffin tin and dust with flour, or use muffin tin liners.
I337.2	Sift flour and baking powder into a large bowl. Add part of the lemon zest and coconut flakes, sugar, butter, eggs and milk, and mix well using a wooden spoon until batter is smooth.
I337.3	Fill and level the muffin tin or muffin tin liners. Bake for approx. 35 - 40 min. at 160°C(fan)/350°F. The cupcakes are done once golden. Remove them from the oven, set aside to cool for 5 min., and then transfer to a cooling rack.
I337.4	For the glaze, mix remaining coconut flakes with the confectioner’s sugar. Add part of the lemon zest, and enough lemon juice for the glaze to be thick, yet still spreadable. Using a flat knife, top the cupcakes with the glaze.
R338	original-italian-pizza	9
I338.1	For the dough, first mix flour, sugar, and salt. Dissolve the yeast in lukewarm water and roughly knead with the flour mixture.
I338.2	Now add olive oil and work mixture into a smooth dough.
I338.3	Cover the dough with a kitchen towel and allow to rise in a warm place for approx. 1 - 2 hours, until it has doubled in size.
I338.4	For the sauce, finely dice garlic and onion.
I338.5	Next, sauté the onion and garlic in vegetable oil until translucent. Pour in the pureed tomatoes and season with sugar and a pinch of salt and pepper. Leave the sauce to reduce for approx. 5 – 7  min. on a low heat.
I338.6	Preheat oven to 180°C/ 355°F. Next, roll out the dough to be approx. 0.5 cm thin and place on a lined baking tray.
I338.7	Spread the tomato sauce evenly on the dough.
I338.8	Now, cut the mozzarella into slices and lay them evenly across the pizza. Then, bake the pizza in a preheated oven at 180°C/355°F for  approx. 20 - 25 min. until golden brown.
I338.9	As soon as the pizza is finished, cover with arugula leaves and Parma ham. Quarter figs and distribute over the pizza . Enjoy served warm.
R339	asparagus-salad-with-honey-mustard-dressing	6
I339.1	Peel asparagus and cut off ends.
I339.2	In a large saucepan, add asparagus to salted and sugared water and bring to a boil over medium heat. Blanche for approx. 5 min.
I339.3	In a small saucepan, hard boil two eggs in salted boiling water for approx. 8 – 10 min.
I339.4	Cut green onion into fine rings. Separate egg white and yolk and cut into small cubes. Cut asparagus into bite-sized pieces.
I339.5	For the dressing, mix egg yolks, mustard, sugar and lemon juice together in a small bowl. Add vegetable oil in a slow and steady stream while continuously whisking until a smooth emulsion forms. Season to taste with salt and pepper.
I339.6	In a large bowl, mix together green onion, egg whites, asparagus, and dressing. Enjoy!
R340	japanese-seaweed-salad	3
I340.1	Wash seaweed and soak in cold water in a large bowl for approx. 8 – 10 min. Drain and set aside.
I340.2	Julienne carrot and cucumber. Cut onions into fine rings. Cut green onions crosswise into thin slices. Finely chop chili and cilantro.
I340.3	Combine seaweed, carrot, cucumber, onion, chili, green onion, and cilantro in a large bowl. Grate ginger into bowl. Add sesame oil, sesame seeds, sweet chili sauce, and lime juice. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Toss salad thoroughly. Enjoy!
R341	marinated-shrimp-and-vegetable-salad	4
I341.1	Halve fennel, remove stalk, and cut into fine strips. Finely dice onion. Peel garlic. Clean zucchini and bell pepper and cut into bite-sized pieces. Combine vegetables with rosemary, thyme, and some of the olive oil in a plastic bag. Close, shake, and marinate for approx. 20 min.
I341.2	Combine shrimp with fish spice and remaining olive oil in another sealable plastic bag, shake, and marinate for approx. 20 min.
I341.3	In the meantime, combine herb vinegar, lemon juice and zest, Dijon mustard, lemon oil, salt, and pepper for the vinaigrette.
I341.4	Sauté vegetables in their marinade for approx. 5 min. Add shrimp and sauté for approx. 3 min. more, or until cooked through. Turn down heat and deglaze with prepared vinaigrette. Toss to combine. Enjoy!
R342	spinach-dumplings-with-radicchio	4
I342.1	Defrost spinach. Peel and finely chop garlic. Add dumpling bread, spinach, eggs, milk, and chopped garlic to a bowl and mix until combined. Season with nutmeg, salt, and pepper.
I342.2	Grease cooking container with butter. Moisten your hands and form equal-sized round dumplings out of dough. Transfer to cooking container. Steam at 100°C/210°F for approx. 12 min.
I342.3	Cut radicchio, halve grapes, and roughly chop parsley. Add to a bowl with sunflower seeds and mix well. Add yogurt and lemon zest to a small bowl and stir to combine. Season with salt and pepper.
I342.4	Melt butter in a small frying pan on medium heat. Reduce heat and fry butter for approx. 8 min., or until browned. Serve salad on a plate and drizzle yogurt dressing on top. Add spinach dumplings, drizzle with brown butter, and enjoy with freshly grated Parmesan!
R343	flat-white-martini	2
I343.1	In a cocktail shaker, add espresso, vodka, ice, and Baileys. Shake vigorously for approx. 30 sec.
I343.2	Pour into a martini glass for serving. Garnish with whole coffee beans. Enjoy!
R344	traditional-garlic-and-olive-oil-pasta	4
I344.1	Finely chop parsley. Cut garlic into thin slices.
I344.2	Cook pasta in plenty of salted boiling water, according to package instructions, for approx. 8 – 10 min. until al dente. Drain, save some of the pasta water and set aside.
I344.3	Heat up olive oil in a frying pan. Sauté garlic for approx. 1 – 2 min. Pour in pasta water.
I344.4	Add cooked pasta to the pan and toss in garlic oil. Fold in chopped parsley and season with salt and pepper. Serve sprinkled with freshly grated Parmesan cheese to taste.
R345	fresh-turmeric-latte	3
I345.1	Peel and mince or grate the ginger and turmeric. Dried spices can also be used.
I345.2	Whisk together the almond milk and coconut oil in a small saucepan. Add the turmeric and ginger. Simmer over medium low heat for approx. 5 min. until warm.
I345.3	Add maple syrup, ground cinnamon, salt, and warmed almond milk to blender and blend for approx. 5 min. until frothy and combined. Enjoy!
R346	creamy-pumpkin-pasta-with-sage	8
I346.1	Wash pumpkin, halve, and scrape out seeds with a spoon. Cut pumpkin into slices and then into large cubes.
I346.2	In a large grease-free frying pan, roast the pumpkin seeds over medium heat for approx. 1 – 2 min. until fragrant. Remove from heat and set aside.
I346.3	Peel and mince the onion and garlic clove. Wash sage and pluck leaves from stems. In a small pot, sauté sage leaves in coconut oil over medium heat for approx. 1 – 2 min. until crispy. Transfer to a paper towel-lined plate to dry. Then sauté onion in same pan for approx. 2 min. until translucent.
I346.4	Add cubed pumpkin to pot and cook for another 3 – 4 min., stirring occasionally.
I346.5	Reduce heat to medium, add garlic and dried herbs, and sauté for approx. 1 – 2 min. Deglaze with water, cover pot, and cook for approx. 5 – 7 min. until pumpkin is soft. Meanwhile, bring a large pot full of water to boil; add salt. Add pasta and cook until al dente, according to package instructions. When pumpkin is finished cooking, add almond drink and cashew purée to pot. Stir thoroughly and cook for another. 1 – 2 min.
I346.6	Remove pot from heat and purée pumpkin with a hand blender until smooth. Season with lemon juice and salt and pepper, to taste.
I346.7	Combine pasta and pumpkin purée and mix thoroughly.
I346.8	Transfer to a bowl for serving; garnish with sage leaves, pumpkin seeds, and freshly grated Parmesan cheese. Enjoy!
R347	korean-barbecue-with-sam-jang-dip	8
I347.1	First, peel ginger and garlic clove. Peel and quarter onion.
I347.2	For the marinade, work the ginger, garlic, and onion into a fine paste with the food processor.
I347.3	Then add some of the sesame oil, fish sauce, sake, soy sauce, some of the pear juice, sugar, salt, and pepper to the paste and mix again using the food processor.
I347.4	Cut beef into slices approx. 0.5 cm thin.
I347.5	Add beef slices to the marinade and leave covered in a cold place for approx. 1 - 2 hours. Resealable freezer bags are particularly effective for this, as they save storage space.
I347.6	For the dip, stir together the miso paste, gochujang, remaining sesame oil, and remaining pear juice.
I347.7	Remove meat from the marinade and sear in a hot frying pan with some vegetable oil.
I347.8	In the meantime, slice the spring onions into fine rings and sprinkle over the fried meat. Serve hot, straight from the pan, with lettuce leaves, kimchi, and pickled gherkins.
R348	duck-breast-skewers-with-asian-marinade	6
I348.1	Finely grate the ginger. Remove the skin from the duck breast and slice into strips, approx 1 cm wide.
I348.2	Roast the sesame seeds in a pan until golden brown.
I348.3	For the marinade, mix together the roasted sesame seeds, soy sauce, half of the grated ginger, honey, salt, and pepper. Leave the duck breast in the marinade for approx 5 - 10 min.
I348.4	Meanwhile, for the vinaigrette, mix olive oil, rice wine vinegar, the rest of the ginger and honey, and salt and pepper.
I348.5	Skewer the duck breast and sear on each side for approx 2 min. Transfer to a warm plate.
I348.6	Drizzle the lettuce with the dressing before serving. Place the skewers on top.
R349	fish-gratin	4
I349.1	Preheat oven to 200°C/400°F. Peel and thinly slice potatoes. Slice green onion crosswise into rings. Finely mince dill and parsley. Cut carrots into bite-sized pieces. Mince garlic. Remove skin from cod and salmon and cut into bite-sized pieces. Parboil the potatoes and carrots in a pot of boiling water for approx. 5 min., then drain.
I349.2	Melt butter in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add flour and stir constantly to form a roux. Deglaze with white wine.
I349.3	Add mustard, milk, lemon juice, and minced garlic to saucepan. Season to taste with salt, pepper, and sugar. Add dill, parsley, and green onions. Stir well and bring to a boil for approx. 2 – 3 min. Remove from heat and set aside.
I349.4	Add all ingredients to baking dish, season with salt and pepper, and place in preheated oven 200°C/400°F for approx. 10 – 15 min. Enjoy!
R350	calamari-skewers	7
I350.1	Finely chop garlic, chili, and parsley. Pit and peel avocado and cut into cubes.
I350.2	Cut calamari into bite-sized pieces.
I350.3	In a large bowl, combine Padrón peppers, calamari, olive oil, half of the chili, and one quarter of the garlic. Zest and juice some of the lemons and add lemon juice and lemon zest. Season with salt and pepper and set aside to marinate.
I350.4	To make the guacamole, add avocado cubes to a small bowl and mash with a fork. Squeeze in another portion of lemon juice and season with salt and pepper. And remaining chili and stir to combine. Set aside.
I350.5	To make the aioli, mix together egg yolks and mustard in a large bowl. Slowly pour in oil while whisking continuously. Then add remaining garlic, squeeze in last portion of lemon juice, and season with salt and pepper. Stir until well combined and set aside.
I350.6	Heat some vegetable oil in a frying pan over medium heat. Add calamari and pepper mixture and sauté until calamari is browned and pepper skins are charred.
I350.7	Assemble on skewers, alternating peppers with calamari for a nice presentation. Enjoy with guacamole and aioli!
R351	apricot-clafoutis	4
I351.1	Preheat oven to 200°C/400°F, and grease the tart pan. Melt butter in a small pot over low heat, and set aside to cool. Wash apricots and dry, remove pit with a sharp knife, and cut in halves.
I351.2	In a large mixing bowl, beat the eggs, then mix in sugar and salt and whisk until fluffy. Add milk, flour, and melted butter and mix until combined.
I351.3	Pour the batter into the greased pan and spread the apricot halves evenly on top, with the cut side-up. Sprinkle with vanilla sugar and almonds.
I351.4	Bake at 200°C/400°F on the lower rack for approx. 45 min., or until golden on top. Let cool, then dust with powdered sugar for serving. Enjoy!
R352	hokkaido-ginger-soup-with-candied-pumpkin-seeds	7
I352.1	Place pumpkin seeds, water, and sugar in a small saucepan. While stirring constantly, heat until the water has fully evaporated and the sugar has caramelized and is amber-colored. The pumpkin seeds should rise slightly in the middle.
I352.2	Place the candied pumpkin seeds on a sheet of parchment paper to cool.
I352.3	Cut onion into cubes and finely chop ginger and chili. If you wish to make the dish milder, remove the seeds from the chili. Halve the pumpkin, remove the seeds with a spoon, and cut the flesh of the pumpkin into cubes.
I352.4	In a large saucepan, sauté the onions, ginger, and chili in some vegetable oil until translucent. Add the pumpkin and continue to sauté, seasoning with a pinch of sugar, salt, and pepper.
I352.5	Deglaze pan with white wine. Add the vegetable stock. Cover with a lid and cook on a medium-low heat for approx. 20 – 25 min.
I352.6	Add the coconut milk and simmer on low heat for approx. 5 – 7 min.
I352.7	Remove the saucepan from the heat and puree the soup with a hand blender. To serve, fill a deep dish and garnish the soup with the candied pumpkin seeds and a few drops of pumpkin seed oil.
R353	heirloom-tomato-salad	4
I353.1	Preheat oven to 175°C/350°F. Depending on size, slice or halve the tomatoes and lay half of them them on a baking sheet, and sprinkle with olive oil, sugar, and some salt. Roast the tomatoes on the middle rack of the oven for approx. 35 – 45 min., or once caramelized and slightly shriveled. Set aside to cool.
I353.2	Toast almonds in a frying pan until fragrant, then remove from pan and set aside. In same pan, heat oil and fry capers over medium-high heat. Remove from pan when crispy and set aside to cool.
I353.3	Add the raw and roasted tomatoes to a bowl and drizzle with lemon-infused olive oil. Add the capers, mozzarella, lettuce, and most of the almonds.
I353.4	Dress salad with salt, pepper, and white wine vinegar to taste. Garnish with the remaining toasted almonds and serve with ciabatta. Enjoy!
R354	classic-negroni	2
I354.1	Add Campari, vermouth, and gin to a rocks glass filled with ice. Stir until combined.
I354.2	Cut an orange peel, rub it gently around the rim of glass, then use it as garnish. Enjoy!
R355	raw-beet-and-blueberry-smoothie	4
I355.1	Peel and cube beet.
I355.2	Add beet and all remaining ingredients to the blender.
I355.3	Blend until smooth, approx. 3 min.
I355.4	Transfer to a glass and enjoy!
R356	alsatian-tarte-flambee	8
I356.1	Dissolve the yeast in lukewarm water. Work the yeast, wheat and whole rye flour, and egg into a smooth dough. Cover and let rise for approx. 25 – 30 min.
I356.2	Add salt and olive oil to the dough and knead until fully incorporated. Cover and allow to rise for approx. 40 – 45 min.
I356.3	Meanwhile, preheat the oven to 240°C/ 465°F. Finely dice bacon and cut onion into half rings. Cut chives finely.
I356.4	Sauté the bacon and onion in a small frying pan and then transfer onto a paper towel-lined plate to cool.
I356.5	Divide the dough into two equal pieces and roll out each until flat on a work surface sprinkled with flour. Transfer to a lined baking tray.
I356.6	Spread crème fraîche evenly over the flatbreads and season with salt and pepper.
I356.7	Next, sprinkle the bacon and onion mixture evenly onto the crème fraîche.
I356.8	Bake in a preheated oven at 240°C/ 465°F for approx. 15 – 20 min. until golden brown. Sprinkle chives on top before serving and enjoy straight from the oven.
R357	pork-chops-with-corn-salad	5
I357.1	Crush garlic clove and set aside. In a large frying pan, heat up some vegetable oil over medium-high heat. Add pork chops to pan, season with salt, and sear for approx. 1 - 2 min. Flip chops, season once more with salt, and sear the other side for another 1 - 2 min. While searing, add garlic and butter. Season with pepper. Transfer chops to a baking dish and bake in the oven at 200°C/400°F for approx. 10 - 15 min.
I357.2	Roughly chop cilantro. Finely dice parsley and chives. Cut romaine lettuce into bite-sized pieces. Cut corn from the cob.
I357.3	Juice lemon. In a small bowl, mix together yogurt, chives, parsley, salt, pepper, and some of the lemon juice.
I357.4	Add corn and rest of lemon juice to pan with pork chop drippings and sauté for approx. 3 – 5 min. until lightly golden brown. Season with salt and pepper.
I357.5	Add lettuce and cilantro to pan and quickly sauté for approx. 1 - 2 min. Remove from heat. Ladle some of the corn salad into a serving pan. Arrange the pork chops on top and then garnish with more corn salad and yogurt sauce. Enjoy!
R358	halibut-with-tomatoes-and-fennel	4
I358.1	Allow couscous to stand and cook in boiled water according to package instructions and set aside.
I358.2	Mince garlic. Cut tomatoes into wedges. Finely slice lemon and fennel.
I358.3	Sauté fennel in some olive oil for approx. 3 – 4 min. until translucent, add garlic and sauté for 30 sec. Add tomatoes and cook for an additional 3 – 4 min. Season with salt and pepper. Deglaze pan with vinegar and wine.
I358.4	Place pollock on top of the tomato fennel mixture. Top each piece of fish with a slice of lemon, season with salt and pepper and cook covered over medium heat for approx. 8 – 10 min. until the pollock is opaque throughout. Serve over couscous.
R359	cantaloupe-gazpacho	4
I359.1	Cut cantaloupe, tomatoes, cucumber, and pepper into bite-sized pieces. Pick and chop basil into strips. Roughly chop garlic and dice shallot.
I359.2	Put everything into a large bowl and mix together with white balsamic vinegar, olive oil, chili, sugar, and salt and pepper. Finally, let sit for approx. 10 – 15 min.
I359.3	Now, puree using a blender or a hand blender. If it is too thick, add a little bit of water.
I359.4	Season the Gazpacho again, if required, and serve in a deep dish with a few drops of olive oil, chili powder, and fresh basil leaves as a garnish.
R360	kohlrabi-schnitzel-with-green-sauce	6
I360.1	Peel and finely chop shallot. Wash herbs, shake them dry, and finely chop. Wash and peel kohlrabi, halve, and cut into thick slices.
I360.2	In a medium pot of boiling water, add some of the eggs and cook for approx. 10 min. Remove eggs from pot, drain, peel, and mash with a fork.
I360.3	To make the sauce: In a large bowl, mix together herbs, milk, shallots, mustard, sour cream, and mashed eggs, until combined. Season with lemon juice, salt, and pepper to taste. Set aside.
I360.4	In a large pot of boiling water cook kohlrabi for approx. 5 – 6 min. Drain and transfer to a paper towel-lined plate to dry.
I360.5	In a small bowl, whisk the remaining eggs together with salt and pepper. On one plate, mix Parmesan and bread crumbs, and add flour to another plate. Wrap kohlrabi slices with Parma ham and dredge them in flour, then beaten eggs, then breadcrumbs. Gently press to seal.
I360.6	Heat clarified butter and oil in a frying pan over medium high heat. Add kohlrabi and fry for approx. 5 min. on each side, or until browned. Transfer to a paper towel-lined plate to drain. Serve schnitzel with green sauce. Enjoy!
R361	blueberry-breakfast-smoothie	3
I361.1	Juice the orange. Peel and quarter the banana.
I361.2	Put all ingredients into a blender.
I361.3	Blend on the highest setting. Enjoy straight away.
R362	blueberry-and-apple-lemonade	2
I362.1	Peel, core, and quarter apple and cut into thin slices. Separate mint into individual sprigs.
I362.2	In a small saucepan, combine apple juice, lemon juice, and sugar. Simmer over medium heat until sugar dissolves. Allow to cool. Then, pour into glasses for serving and divide apple slices, blueberries, and fresh mint among glasses.
R363	red-chiffon-cake-with-strawberries-and-cream	14
I363.1	Preheat oven to 160°C/325°F.  Whisk together flour, baking powder, parts of the sugar and salt.
I363.2	In a large bowl, whisk together oil, egg yolks, and milk.
I363.3	Whisk flour mixture into egg mixture.
I363.4	Beat egg whites with a standing mixer until frothy. Add cream of tartar and vanilla seeds. Beat for approx. 5 min. until soft peaks form.
I363.5	Gradually add parts of the sugar to the egg whites, beating until stiff, glossy peaks form.
I363.6	Whisk one third of the egg-white mixture into batter. Gently, but thoroughly, fold in remaining egg-white mixture with a spatula.
I363.7	Transfer batter to tube pan. Bake until top of the cake springs back when touched, approx. 50 - 55 min.
I363.8	Let cool upside down (over a bottle or tube pan feet) for 1 hour.
I363.9	While the cake is baking and cooling, hull and halve the strawberries. Combine strawberries, parts of the sugar, lemon juice, and salt. Let sit for 1 hour. Stir occasionally.
I363.10	Slide a paring knife around edges of tube and side of pan. Carefully release the cake. Cut cake horizontally into 3 layers with a serrated knife.
I363.11	Just before assembling, beat cream and confectioners’ sugar until medium peaks form with a standing mixer or hand mixer.
I363.12	Transfer bottom layer to a cake plate or platter. Spread with half the berries and drizzle with juices. Spread half the whipped cream over berries, then top with middle cake layer.
I363.13	Spread with remaining berries and whipped cream. Top with remaining cake layer.
I363.14	Refrigerate cake for 1 hour. Sprinkle with confectioners' sugar and serve with fresh berries.
R364	affogato-al-caffe	4
I364.1	Whisk together egg yolks with vanilla sugar and cornstarch.
I364.2	Bring milk and sugar to a simmer. Add prepared egg yolk mixture and let thicken while stirring constantly.
I364.3	Pour pudding into serving dishes and allow to cool for approx. 5 - 10 min. Crumble biscotti on top.
I364.4	Top with a scoop of ice cream each. Prepare espresso, pour over ice cream, and serve immediately.
R365	risotto-with-asparagus-and-chanterelles	6
I365.1	Peel and dice onion. Finely chop garlic. Next, cut green asparagus into fine slices.
I365.2	Sauté onion and garlic in some vegetable oil. Now, add risotto rice and continue to sauté until the rice is slightly translucent.
I365.3	Next, deglaze pan with white wine and continue to simmer.
I365.4	Gradually add small amounts of the chicken stock, about 4 - 5 times, and allow the rice to continue simmering. Keep adding the stock until the bottom of the pan ceases to be covered with liquid.
I365.5	Meanwhile, fry the chanterelles and green asparagus in another pan with some vegetable oil. Season with salt and pepper.
I365.6	Remove the risotto from the stove, fold in the Parmesan and butter and season with sugar, salt and pepper. Leave to stand with closed lid for 2 min. Add three-quarters of the fried chanterelles and asparagus and fold into the risotto carefully. Place the remaining chanterelle and asparagus pieces on top of the risotto to serve.
R366	lobster-roll	5
I366.1	Thinly slice endive. Roughly chop parsley. Cut celery crosswise into half-moons.
I366.2	In a large saucepan, cook the lobster in salted boiling water for approx. 7 – 9 min. When the lobster is finished, it will separate from the shell. Dice into medium sized pieces.
I366.3	In a large bowl, beat together egg yolk and half of the mustard. Slowly add a steady stream of oil while whisking constantly until a mayonnaise-like consistency is formed.
I366.4	Now add the cognac, the rest of the mustard, lemon juice, salt, pepper, and ketchup. Whisk thoroughly until well incorporated.
I366.5	In a separate large bowl, mix together the endive, parsley, celery, and lobster with the cocktail sauce. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Cut the hot dog buns lengthwise, but not all the way through. Fill the bun with lobster salad and garnish with parsley, if desired. Enjoy!
R367	classic-cheesecake	10
I367.1	Add gelatin sheets to a bowl with some water. Leave to soak for approx. 8 – 12 min.
I367.2	Place cookies in a freezer bag. Tightly seal bag and crush cookies with a rolling pin.
I367.3	Melt butter in a small pan over medium-low heat. Transfer cookie crumbs to a large bowl, pour in melted butter, and stir until combined.
I367.4	Add cookie crumb mixture to a round baking form and press firmly into bottom of baking form.
I367.5	Juice lemon and deseed vanilla bean. Add lemon juice, vanilla seeds, yogurt, and cream cheese to a large bowl. Whisk well to combine.
I367.6	Add soaked gelatin with the water and sugar to a small saucepan. Slowly heat over medium-low heat, stirring until the gelatin has completely dissolved. Be careful not to overheat.
I367.7	Quickly add gelatin to the cream cheese mixture. Stir well to combine.
I367.8	Pour batter into baking form. Gently tap form on counter to release air bubbles. Transfer to refrigerator and allow to set for approx. 3 hours.
I367.9	Carefully run knife around the edges of the baking form. Remove cake and transfer to a cake platter.
I367.10	Drizzle cake with raspberry sauce. Top with fresh berries and basil. Enjoy with a cup of tea or coffee!
R368	spring-broccoli	3
I368.1	Cook broccoli to desired doneness (approx. 3 min. in boiling water or in steamer). Hard-boil egg at the same time.
I368.2	Mix together crème fraîche and buttermilk. Chop chives.
I368.3	Place broccoli on a plate, add crème fraîche mixture, and crumble egg on top. Serve with pumpkin seed oil, salt, and pepper.
R369	asian-style-glazed-ribs	4
I369.1	Preheat the oven to 200°C (390°F). Remove seeds from chili pepper and finely chop. Mince ginger and garlic. Finely dice onion and slice lemongrass. Roughly chop parsley.
I369.2	For the marinade, sauté onion, ginger, garlic and chili in some olive oil. Deglaze with apple juice and add soy sauce, pomegranate juice, sesame oil, mirin, and crushed tomatoes. Bring to a boil and let simmer for approx. 15 – 20 min. until the marinade has thickened.
I369.3	Stir parsley into marinade and generously brush the ribs with it on both sides. Wrap in aluminum foil and cook in a preheated oven at 200°C (390°F) for approx. 1 – 2 hours depending on thickness until fully cooked through. Preheat the grill.
I369.4	Remove the ribs from the oven and sear on hot grill for approx. 2 – 3 min. on each side. Cut up and serve with remaining marinade as dip.
R370	rustic-german-bread	3
I370.1	In a measuring cup, dissolve confectioner’s sugar and yeast in lukewarm water. Allow to sit for approx. 30 min. Ensure that foam forms at the top of the yeast mixture.
I370.2	Combine the rest of the water, flour, rye flour, honey, butter, salt, and yeast mixture using a stand mixer with a dough hook. Knead for approx. 10 min. until an elastic dough forms. Cover and allow to rise in a warm place for approx. 1 h or until the dough has doubled in volume.
I370.3	Preheat oven to 220°C/425°F. When dough has finished rising, knead by hand on a floured surface until smooth. Divide dough and form loafs approx. the width of a stretched out hand in diameter. Cover and allow to sit at room temperature on a baking sheet lined with parchment paper for approx. 30 min. When the dough has doubled in volume, make a crosswise incision in the top. Transfer to preheated oven. Place a baking dish filled with water on the bottom rack. Bake the bread for approx. 30 - 40 min. until the crust is golden. Set aside to cool.
R371	homemade-golden-granola-with-yogurt	4
I371.1	Preheat oven to 180°C/355°F. Roughly chop hazelnuts, mangos, raisins, and apricots.
I371.2	In a large bowl, combine oats, dried fruit, hazelnuts, brown sugar, walnut oil, a pinch of salt, and maple syrup. Mix thoroughly.
I371.3	Spread granola evenly onto a baking sheet (lined if needed). Bake in a preheated oven at 180°C/°355°F for approx. 15 – 20 min. Allow to cool.
I371.4	In a glass, layer the yogurt and the granola. Top with berries. Serve with more maple syrup and cinnamon for a sweeter flavor. Enjoy!
R372	mozzarella-tomato-twist	7
I372.1	Process flour, butter, eggs, yeast, sugar, salt, and butter milk into a smooth dough using either a standing mixer or your hands. Cover and leave to rise in a warm spot for 1 - 2 hours.
I372.2	Preheat oven to 180°C/ 355°F. Cut mozzarella into thin slices, chop basil into thin strips.
I372.3	Roll the dough out flat onto a floured work surface and spread with crushed tomatoes.
I372.4	Distribute mozzarella slices and basil strips evenly over the crushed tomatoes, Season generously with salt and pepper.
I372.5	Starting from the long side, roll up the dough from the bottom edge.
I372.6	Cut the dough roll with a sharp knife into pieces, approx. 5 cm wide.
I372.7	Place the pieces wreath-shaped into a greased baking pan. Bake in a preheated oven at 180°C/ 355°F for 35 - 40 min. until golden. Serve with dips as desired.
R373	summer-ceviche	5
I373.1	Cut limes in half and juice.
I373.2	Finely dice red onion, bell pepper, celery, and tomatoes. Cut green onions into rings. Deseed chili and finely mince. Pluck cilantro leaves and roughly chop. Peel lemongrass and cut into fine rings.
I373.3	In a large bowl, whisk together lime juice, olive oil, and white wine vinegar.
I373.4	Either finely dice salmon fillet or cut into thin slices.
I373.5	Add red onion, bell pepper, celery, tomatoes, green onions, chili, lemongrass, and salmon to large bowl with olive oil mixture. Season to taste with salt, pepper, and brown sugar and mix well. Allow to marinate for approx. 15 - 25 min. Garnish with cilantro before serving. Enjoy!
R374	poppy-seed-marble-cake	6
I374.1	Preheat oven to 180°C/350°F. Grease a loaf pan with oil. If needed, line with parchment paper. Combine poppy seeds, vanilla sugar, and some of the vegetable oil. Zest and juice oranges, then set aside.
I374.2	Mix together eggs, some of the orange juice, and yogurt.
I374.3	Combine flour, sugar, baking powder, orange zest, and salt in a mixing bowl. Add wet ingredients to dry and mix to combine. Stir in remaining oil.
I374.4	Transfer half of the batter into prepared pan, then add the ground poppy seed filling. Top with remaining batter, then use a fork a knife to swirl poppy seeds through the batter to create a marble effect. Bake in preheated oven at 180°C/350°F for approx. 45 – 60 min., or until a toothpick comes out clean or with a few moist crumbs. Cool for approx. 15 min., then turn out of pan and cool completely on a wire rack.
I374.5	Combine orange juice with powdered sugar to create a glaze.
I374.6	Drizzle glaze over cooled cake and decorate as desired! Enjoy!
R375	black-and-white-cookies	6
I375.1	Preheat oven to 175°C/350°F. In a large bowl, combine flour, sugar, baking powder, salt, and lemon zest.
I375.2	Next, whisk together vegetable oil, milk alternative, and vanilla extract in a large measuring cup.
I375.3	Pour wet ingredients into dry and beat until fully combined.
I375.4	Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Scoop batter into mounds, taking care to leave enough space between each. Bake in preheated oven at 175°C/350°F for approx. 15 min., or until cookies start to turn golden brown around the edges. Transfer cookies to a cooling rack to cool completely.
I375.5	For the icing, stir together confectioner's sugar and hot water until smooth; if needed, add more water a tbsp. at a time until desired consistency is reached. Melt chocolate in a bowl set over simmering water, then remove from heat. Add half of the icing to melted chocolate along with cocoa powder. Add some water, if needed, a tbsp. at a time.
I375.6	Spread white icing over half of the flat side of each cookie with an offset spatula, then, set aside until icing firms up. Frost the second half with chocolate icing. Enjoy!
R376	cola-chicken-wings	4
I376.1	In a large bowl, marinate chicken wings with salt, half of cooking wine, and half of dark and light soy sauce for approx. 10 min.
I376.2	Fill wok a third of the way full with water and bring to a boil. Add chicken wings, blanch for approx. 3 – 5 min., and then remove from wok. Discard water.
I376.3	Heat up vegetable oil in wok over medium-high heat. Return wings to wok and sauté, stirring constantly, for approx. 5 min. Then, add cola and the remainder of the cooking wine, dark soy sauce, and light soy sauce.
I376.4	Cut green onion crosswise into slices. Add dried chilis, green onion, and ginger to wok. Bring to a boil on high heat and then reduce heat to low and simmer wings over low heat for approx. 15 min. until the sauce has thickened and wings are glazed.
R377	dal-soup	4
I377.1	Peel and cut carrots and potatoes into bite-sized pieces. Thinly slice cilantro. Mince onion, garlic, chili, and ginger.
I377.2	In a large saucepan, sauté onions, garlic, chili, and ginger over medium heat until golden brown. Add potatoes and carrots and sauté for approx. another 4 – 5 min. Add lentils and sauté for a further 2 – 3 min. until they are slightly translucent. Add tomato paste and spices and, stirring constantly, sauté for approx. 1 – 2 min. until fragrant.
I377.3	Deglaze with vegetable stock and season with salt. Bring to a boil, turn heat down to low, and let simmer for approx. 15 – 20 min. or until the lentils are soft.
I377.4	Incorporate coconut milk into dal and reheat. Season to taste with salt, sugar, and lemon juice if desired. Garnish with cilantro and serve together with homemade naan.
R378	teriyaki-salmon	3
I378.1	Chop green onion.
I378.2	In a saucepan over medium-high heat, combine vegetable stock, soy sauce, mirin, and honey. Boil until volume is reduced by half, approx. 10 – 15 min.
I378.3	Preheat oven to 180°C (350°F). Place salmon in an ovenproof pan. Brush on teriyaki sauce so that all sides are coated evenly. Bake salmon in preheated oven at 180°C (350°F), approx. 10 – 12 min. Remove from oven and transfer to plate. To serve, garnish with green onion and season with pepper.
R379	quick-pasta-alla-carbonara	5
I379.1	Cook the spaghetti, according to package instructions, in salted boiling water for approx. 9 - 12 min. until al dente. Drain the water and set pasta aside.
I379.2	Cut mushrooms into thin slices. Finely dice onion and bacon.
I379.3	Sauté bacon in a large frying pan with some vegetable oil. Add onion and mushrooms and continue to sauté.
I379.4	Add cream and chicken stock and cook over medium-low heat for approx. 2 - 3 min.
I379.5	Toss spaghetti in the sauce. Add Parmesan, toss again, and season with salt and pepper to taste before serving.
R380	molten-chocolate-cake	7
I380.1	Butter baking tins and dust with sugar. Make sure that it is evenly spread on the inside of the tins. Tap out excess sugar.
I380.2	Preheat oven to 200°C/400°F. Roughly chop couverture chocolate. Melt butter in a saucepan over medium heat. Add the chopped chocolate and melt together.
I380.3	Beat sugar, eggs, egg yolks, and salt in a large bowl with a mixer or whisk.
I380.4	Next, add the melted chocolate to the egg mixture and stir together until a smooth batter forms.
I380.5	Add flour and stir in as well.
I380.6	Now, divide the batter evenly among the buttered baking tins (approx. 4 cm high). Next, place the filled tins in the freezer for approx. 5 - 7 min.
I380.7	Bake cakes in a preheated oven at 200°C/400°F for approx. 8 - 10 min. Let stand for approx. 5 - 7 min. Carefully turn out the cakes, sprinkle with confectioner's sugar, and serve immediately. Whipped cream or ice cream go wonderfully with this treat.
R381	steak-sandwich	6
I381.1	Pre-cook steak in oven at 60°C/150°F for approx. 10 – 15 min.
I381.2	While the steak is in the oven, wash lettuce leaves. Slice red onion into thin rings. Remove seeds and stem from bell pepper and julienne. Finely slice garlic.
I381.3	Heat some vegetable oil in a frying pan over medium-high heat. Add onion and garlic and sauté until translucent. Then add bell pepper and continue to sauté until the bell pepper has softened, approx. 5 – 7 min. Remove vegetables from the pan and set aside.
I381.4	Heat up some vegetable oil over high heat in the same pan. Season the steak on both sides with salt and pepper. Add to frying pan and sear for approx. 3 min. on each side. Remove from heat and transfer to a plate to rest for approx. 5 – 10 min.
I381.5	Slice ciabatta lengthwise and brush with olive oil. Toast in a grill pan over medium heat until golden. In a small bowl, stir together mayonnaise and mustard. To assemble sandwich, coat ciabatta with mayonnaise and mustard mixture. Arrange lettuce leaves on bottom piece of bread. Slice up beef tenderloin and arrange on top of lettuce. Season with salt and pepper. Add sautéed vegetables.
I381.6	Top with remaining slice of ciabatta. Enjoy as a satisfying lunch!
R382	roasted-juicy-turkey	9
I382.1	Preheat oven to 160°C/320°F. Season turkey with salt and pepper, both on the inside and outside. Cut bacon into fine cubes. Pick marjoram leaves and chop roughly. Cut white bread, celery stalks, and two-thirds of the apples into small cubes.
I382.2	Sauté bacon in a pan until crispy. Add marjoram and continue to sauté some more. Set aside.
I382.3	Mix white bread, chopped apples, celery stalks, and walnuts with sautéed bacon. Add in egg and mix until combined. Season filling generously with salt and pepper.
I382.4	Stuff turkey with the filling.
I382.5	Using kitchen twine, securely tie the legs together.
I382.6	Generously rub the turkey with olive oil.
I382.7	Peel root celery. Cut carrots, root celery, and remaining apples into cubes.
I382.8	Place stuffed turkey into a baking dish. Place carrots, root celery, and apple cubes around the turkey. Bake in a preheated oven at 160°C/320°F for approx. 2 – 2.5 h. Approx. 3 – 4 times during baking , baste with chicken broth. Raise heat to 200°C/390°F during the last 30 min. to brown turkey.
I382.9	Then, transfer turkey to a platter and allow to rest for approx. 10 – 15 min. In the meantime, retrieve liquid from the baking dish and transfer to a saucepan. Add in heavy cream and butter and bring to boil. Cook for approx. 1 - 2 min., constantly stirring. Serve turkey with sauce on the side.
R383	orange-popsicles	2
I383.1	Place some of the orange juice and sugar in saucepan and cook for approx. 5 min. over medium-low heat until the sugar has completely dissolved. Add lemon juice and remove from heat.
I383.2	Add the remaining orange juice to measuring cup along with the sugar-juice mixture and stir. Divide evenly between popsicle molds and insert popsicle sticks. Transfer to freezer for approx. 6 hrs. Enjoy!
R384	pomegranate-blueberry-smoothie	2
I384.1	Cut pomegranate in half and deseed.
I384.2	Add pomegranate seeds, blueberries, yogurt, and pomegranate juice to blender. Blend on high speed for approx. 1 – 2 min. until smooth. Enjoy straightaway and garnish with pomegranate seeds.
R385	roasted-chicken-in-honey-ginger-soy-sauce	5
I385.1	Mix soy sauce, vinegar, honey. The overall taste should be led by sourness, then saltiness and sweetness to mold everything together.
I385.2	Lay chicken breast in the baking dish. Important! The size of the dish should perfectly fit the breast’s size so it will be covered with the sauce when we pour it in.
I385.3	Put ginger (chopped) on top of the chicken breast. Pour in the sauce. Bake at 180°C/350°F for approx. 40 min.
I385.4	Boil the udon noodles. Follow the package instructions (shouldn't take more than 10 min.). When the udon noodles are cooked, rinse them with cold water.
I385.5	Put noodles on a dish first, then chicken on top, and pour the juice we get from roasting the chicken over the dish. Sprinkle with parsley.
R386	asian-vegetable-salad	4
I386.1	Julienne carrot, red pepper, celery, baby corn, and leek.
I386.2	For the dressing, mix soy sauce, sweet chili sauce, rice vinegar, and honey in a small bowl.
I386.3	Mix the finely sliced vegetables with the dressing.
I386.4	Add the sesame seeds. Serve as a starter or refreshing entree.
R387	german-christmas-stollen	7
I387.1	In a small bowl, dissolve yeast and some sugar in lukewarm water. Let sit until foamy for approx. 5 – 10 min.
I387.2	In a standing mixer or with a hand mixer, beat together yeast sponge and parts of the flour.
I387.3	Slowly add in milk and continue to beat until smooth. Place dough in a large, clean bowl, cover with plastic wrap and leave to rise in a warm place for approx. 1 h.
I387.4	Combine remaining flour, sugar, cinnamon, vanilla bean seeds, butter, marzipan, rum, lemon zests, a pinch of salt and yeast dough. Knead until smooth.
I387.5	Preheat oven to 180°C/355°F. Set aside approx. one quarter of the dough. Combine remaining dough with almond slivers, candied orange and lemon peel, and raisins. Continue to knead until well combined.
I387.6	Roll fruit dough into a log. On a lightly floured surface roll out remaining dough to a large oval.
I387.7	Place fruit dough onto the lower third of the oval and roll up. Tuck in overlapping sides. Transfer to a lined baking tray seam side down. Bake in a preheated oven at 180°C/355°F for approx. 40 min. until golden. Leave to cool for approx. 10 min. Before serving, brush with melted butter and sprinkle with confectioners’ sugar.
R388	no-knead-dutch-bread	3
I388.1	Mix whole rye flour, whole wheat flour, bread flour, dry active yeast and salt in a large bowl. Add water and stir until incorporated. Cover bowl and let rise for approx. 12 – 18 hours.
I388.2	Preheat oven to 250°C/480°F. Generously flour the work surface and slide the dough out of the bowl. Fold each edge of the dough towards the middle.
I388.3	Grease the inside of a large ovenproof saucepan with some vegetable oil. Place dough into pan seam side down and put a lid on the pan. Bake in preheated oven at 250°C/480°F for approx. 8 - 10 min. Reduce oven temperature to 230°C/450°C and continue to bake for approx. 15 - 20 min. Carefully remove lid and bake for a further approx. 15 - 20 min. Let cool in the pan before serving.
R389	red-beet-soup	4
I389.1	Dice onion and finely chop garlic. Peel beets and cut into large cubes.
I389.2	Add butter to a large saucepan. Add onion and garlic and sauté until translucent. Add beet and sauté for approx. 5 – 7 min. Season with salt and pepper.
I389.3	Deglaze pan with white wine. Add red beet juice, orange juice, and orange zest to the pan. Bring everything to a boil and simmer for approx. 20 – 30 min. until the beet is soft and cooked through.
I389.4	Transfer the soup to a blender and blend until smooth. Be careful not to overfill the blender to avoid splattering. Season again with salt and pepper. Serve with some croutons and a dollop of crème fraîche.
R390	classic-tiramisu	6
I390.1	Separate eggs. Whisk egg yolks with confectioner’s sugar until pale and fluffy. Add Amaretto and mascarpone. Whisk until smooth.
I390.2	Beat egg whites with a pinch of salt until stiff peaks form. Slowly whisk in the remaining confectioner’s sugar.
I390.3	Now, carefully fold beaten egg whites into mascarpone cream.
I390.4	Combine espresso and remaining Amaretto in a shallow dish. Dip ladyfingers in espresso mixture and then layer soaked ladyfingers in bottom of the serving dish.
I390.5	Cover with a layer of mascarpone cream and top with a fine layer of grated chocolate.
I390.6	Repeat layering process until all ingredients are used up. Finish up with a layer of mascarpone cream and dust with unsweetened cocoa powder. Refrigerate for at least 3 hours before serving.
R391	7-layer-magic-bars	6
I391.1	Preheat oven to 180°C/350°F. Add butter to the baking pan and melt in preheated oven. Remove from oven and set aside.
I391.2	Sprinkle graham cracker crumbs and three-fourths of crushed pretzels over melted butter. Stir well; carefully press into bottom of pan to evenly cover.
I391.3	Sprinkle evenly with coconut flakes and nuts.
I391.4	Pour sweetened condensed milk evenly over top.
I391.5	Sprinkle with morsels and remaining crushed pretzels; press down lightly.
I391.6	Bake at 175°C/350°F for approx. 25 min. or until light golden brown. Cool completely in pan on set over a cooling rack. Cut into bars.
R392	spanish-tortilla	5
I392.1	Peel and dice onions. Peel potatoes and cut into slices of medium width.
I392.2	Add eggs to a large bowl, whisk until creamy, and season with salt and pepper. Set aside.
I392.3	Heat a generous amount of vegetable oil in a frying pan over medium heat. Add potatoes and cook for approx. 10 - 11  min. until potatoes are cooked through. Remove excess oil.
I392.4	Add onions and continue to sauté, stirring occasionally, for approx. 2 - 3 min. until softened.
I392.5	Pour in eggs to cover potatoes and cook approx. 8 - 10 min. over low heat until the bottom and the edges have set. Then run a spatula around edges of pan. Place a large plate on top. With one hand securing the plate and the other holding the handle of the frying pan, quickly flip the tortilla onto the plate and slide back into pan with raw side down. Cook on the other side for approx. 4 - 5 min. until egg is cooked through. Alternatively, transfer pan to oven and bake at 200°C/400°F until cooked through for approx. 10 min. Transfer to a plate to serve and cut into pieces.
R393	baked-beer-can-chicken	5
I393.1	Preheat oven to 180°C/350°F. Julienne red onion. Cut green onion crosswise into rings. Finely dice cilantro. Cut zucchini and bell pepper into large chunks.
I393.2	Remove neck and giblets from inner cavity of chicken. Brush with vegetable oil and season with salt, pepper, and paprika.
I393.3	Arrange chopped onion, bell pepper, and zucchini in a large ovenproof frying pan, toss with some vegetable oil, and then season with salt and pepper. Open can of beer and discard half of the liquid. Place rosemary and garlic in can, insert top end into cavity of chicken, and position it upright in pan. Place in a preheated oven and bake at 180°C/350°F for approx. 40 – 45 min.
I393.4	Remove from oven and let rest for approx. 5 - 10 min. Then, carve chicken into serving portions, as desired.
I393.5	Add arugula, green onion, cilantro, and pine nuts to pan. Toss thoroughly with roasted vegetables. Return chicken to pan and season with lemon juice, salt, and pepper. Enjoy!
R394	braided-easter-bread	8
I394.1	Heat milk in a small saucepan over low-medium heat. Add butter and slowly melt. Then, gradually add the sugar and dry yeast and stir to combine. Be careful not to overheat the milk.
I394.2	Place flour and some salt into a large bowl. Add the egg. Slowly pour in the milk mixture. Using a standing mixer or a hand mixer, knead until an elastic dough forms.
I394.3	Transfer dough to a lightly floured surface and continue to knead by hand.
I394.4	Place dough into large bowl and cover with a clean kitchen towel. Allow to rise in a warm place for approx. 1 – 2 hours until doubled in volume.
I394.5	Transfer dough to a lightly floured cutting board. Knead and form a log. Carefully flatten the log with your hands. With a sharp knife, separate the dough into three strings. Make sure to leave the upper part intact.
I394.6	Beginning from the top, carefully braid dough into a loaf. Tightly seal loose ends.
I394.7	Transfer braid to a lined baking sheet. Cover and allow to rise in a warm place for approx. 45 – 60 min.
I394.8	Preheat oven to 200°C. In a small bowl, combine egg, 2 pinches of sugar and 1 pinch of salt. Whisk until creamy. Brush dough with the egg mixture. Transfer to oven and bake for approx. 30 – 35 min. until golden. Remove from oven and allow to cool. Enjoy for breakfast or with your afternoon tea.
R395	bavarian-roast-chicken	5
I395.1	Preheat oven to 150°C/300°F. Coarsely chop onions. Finely mince garlic. Finely chop rosemary and thyme as well as the parsley.
I395.2	Wash and dry the chicken. Cut the wings at the joint and remove cartilage at the end of the drumsticks. Stuff chicken with onions, parsley and half of each the garlic, rosemary and thyme. Truss the chicken by tying the end of the drumsticks together with cooking twine.
I395.3	Melt the butter in a small saucepan over medium-low heat. Add the remaining garlic, rosemary and thyme.
I395.4	Place chicken into a baking dish and rub salt, pepper and paprika into the skin. Transfer to preheated oven.
I395.5	Every 30 min., remove the chicken from the oven and baste with herbed garlic butter. Bake for approx. 90 min. until the skin is golden and crispy. Enjoy!
R396	creamy-mushroom-soup	7
I396.1	In a small, heat-resistant bowl, soak dried mushrooms in hot water for approx. 15 min. Finely chop shallots and garlic. Clean button and porcini mushrooms and cut into slices.
I396.2	Drain soaked mushrooms, make sure to keep the soaking liquid. In a saucepan, add two-thirds of the butter and sautée shallots and garlic until translucent. Add button mushrooms and dried mushrooms and continue sauteing for approx. 4 – 6min.
I396.3	Season with salt, pepper, and grated nutmeg.
I396.4	Pour in vegetable stock and most of the soaking liquid. Bring to a boil, turn down the heat, and let simmer for approx. 20 min. on low heat.
I396.5	Remove from heat and blend the soup with a hand blender.
I396.6	Whisk in heavy cream and egg yolks and season with lemon juice.
I396.7	Finely cut chives. In a frying pan, sauté porcini mushrooms in the remaining butter until cooked through. Add chives and season with salt and pepper. Transfer soup to a soup plate and add in porcini mushrooms. Serve with fresh bread.
R397	mac-cheese	6
I397.1	Cook pasta in plenty of salted, boiling water according to package instructions for approx. 5 – 7 min. Drain and set aside.
I397.2	Preheat oven to 180°C/ 356°F. Dice bacon into small pieces.
I397.3	Render bacon in a frying pan and set aside.
I397.4	In a saucepan, melt butter, add flour, and stir until flour and butter are fully combined to form a roux. Add milk, stirring occasionally, until fully combined. Season generously with nutmeg, salt, and pepper.
I397.5	In a large bowl, combine cheeses, then add two thirds of it to the white sauce. Add sautéed bacon and stir everything together until the cheese has melted.
I397.6	Add precooked pasta to the cheese sauce and mix briefly. Pour everything into a greased baking dish, sprinkle with the remaining cheese and bake in preheated oven at 180°C/ 355°F. for approx. 30 – 35 min. until golden.
R398	schuizu-fish	5
I398.1	Slice the fish into bite-sized pieces. Cut chili into small pieces. If necessary, halve the sprouts. Finely mince green onions. In a large mixing bowl, coat fish with potato starch.
I398.2	Heat wok on medium-high, add oil for frying, and when hot, add fish. Fry until par-cooked. Remove fish from wok and set aside. Discard most of oil, so that pan is lightly coated.
I398.3	Add chili and Sichuan peppercorns, and fry for approx. 2 – 3 min., remove from wok, then add bean sprouts and fry for approx.1 min. Remove from wok and set aside.
I398.4	Lightly fry the fermented bean sauce. Add Sichuan pepper, chili, hot pot base, and fish to wok. Add water to cover, stir to combine, and season to taste with salt and pepper.
I398.5	Serve in a large bowl, topped with green onions. Enjoy!
R399	german-crumb-cake-with-poppy-seeds	5
I399.1	Mix part of the flour, part of the cornstarch, and baking powder in a bowl. Grease a round springform pan, dust with flour, and preheat oven to 200°C/390°F.
I399.2	Beat eggs, part of the sugar, and salt for approx. 3 – 4 min. until fluffy and airy. Add vegetable oil, part of the milk, and vanilla sugar, and combine well. Carefully fold in flour mixture and cocoa powder. Transfer batter to springform pan and bake in the oven for approx. 20 min. at 200°C/390°F.
I399.3	Whisk part of the cornstarch into part of the milk.
I399.4	Heat up remaining milk, part of the butter (cut into pieces) and sugar, poppy seeds, and semolina in a saucepan. Stir until combined. Pour the milk-starch mixture into the poppy seed mixture. Continue to stir for approx. 3 min., or until thickened.
I399.5	Remove the half-baked cake from the oven and spread the poppy seed mixture on top. Mix remaining flour, sugar, and butter until crumbly. Spread the crumbs on top of the poppy seed mixture and bake for approx. 20 min. at 200°C/390°F until the crumbs are golden. Garnish with confectioner’s sugar if desired.
R400	ice-cream-filled-profiteroles	6
I400.1	Chill a baking sheet lined with parchment paper in freezer. Form approx. 18 scoops of ice cream on chilled baking sheet and freeze for approx. 1 hr. Preheat oven to 220°C/425°F. Line another baking sheet with parchment paper. Chop chocolate.
I400.2	Add butter, milk, and salt to a heavy-bottomed saucepan over medium heat and bring to a boil, stirring occasionally. When butter is melted and mixture is boiling, reduce heat to medium-low and slowly stir in flour with a wooden spoon until combined and a ball of dough forms around the spoon. Transfer mixture to the bowl of a stand mixer and stir on low for approx. 1 min. Add eggs one at a time and increase speed to medium. Continue to mix until emulsified and a smooth, sticky pastry forms.
I400.3	Transfer to pastry bag.
I400.4	Pipe approx. 18 mounds of choux pastry (about 3.75-cm/1.5-inch wide or 2.5-cm/1-inch high) about 2.5-cm/1-inch apart onto prepared baking sheet. Bake at 220°C/425°F until golden brown, approx. 10 to 20 minutes. Turn off oven and allow to sit for another 10 minutes, with door slightly ajar. They should sound hollow when you tap the bottoms. Prick the side of each puff with a toothpick to allow steam to escape. Set aside to cool.
I400.5	For chocolate sauce, heat sugar in a heavy-bottomed sauce pan over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until sugar starts to melt. Stop stirring and continue to cook, swirling pan occasionally, until it turns a light amber color. Meanwhile, warm cream in a small saucepan over low heat. Lower heat of sugar, then add cream and continue to cook and stir until caramel is combined and smooth (the sugar may seize; continue to cook until melted and combined). Remove from heat and add vanilla extract and salt. Stir in chocolate until melted and smooth. Cover and keep warm for serving.
I400.6	To serve, slice profiteroles horizontally, then fill each with a ball of ice cream. Serve profiteroles with a generous drizzle of chocolate sauce. Enjoy!
R401	cauliflower-alfredo-with-zoodles	5
I401.1	Mince garlic. Roughly chop parsley. Bring a large saucepan of water to a boil; add cauliflower. Cover; cook for approx. 10 min. or until fork tender. Drain, reserving 1 cup cooking water. Place cauliflower in food processor or blender.
I401.2	Melt butter in frying pan over medium-low heat; add minced garlic and cook until fragrant. Remove from heat and add to food processor with cauliflower.
I401.3	Add reserved cooking water, milk, cheese, bouillon, and pepper to food processor; cover. Process until smooth. Add more cooking liquid or milk, if desired, to achieve desired consistency.
I401.4	Using a vegetable spiralizer or peeler, cut whole zucchini into spaghetti-like noodles or ribbons.
I401.5	Heat oil in frying pan over medium-high heat; add zucchini and cook, stirring occasionally, for 2 – 3 min., or until softened. Add cauliflower Alfredo sauce and toss gently to coat. Season with salt and pepper if desired. Top with additional cheese and parsley for serving. Enjoy!
R402	virtuous-carrot-cake	4
I402.1	Preheat oven to 180°C/350°F. Separate eggs into two bowls. Finely grate carrots, mash banana with a fork, and add both to the egg yolks. Add some maple syrup and mix using a stand mixer or hand mixer with beaters.
I402.2	Add ground almonds, whole-grain spelt flour, baking powder, and cinnamon to the mixture and mix well. Beat the egg whites with some salt and gently fold into batter.
I402.3	Grease and flour a cake pan and transfer batter to pan. Transfer to oven and bake for approx. 35 min. at 180 °C/350 °F, or until a toothpick comes out clean. Remove from oven and let cool completely. Remove springform and slice cake horizontally. Coat bottom half with apricot jam and set upper half on top.
I402.4	For the glaze, carefully melt cocoa butter in a small saucepan over low heat. Remove from heat. Whisk in maple syrup and cocoa powder. Coat cake with the glaze. Enjoy!
R403	no-bake-coffee-cheesecake	7
I403.1	Place cookies in a freezer bag. Tightly seal bag and crush cookies with a rolling pin.
I403.2	In a small saucepan, melt butter over medium heat. Place crumbled cookies into a large bowl and pour melted butter on top. Stir well to combine.
I403.3	Add gelatin sheets to a small bowl with cold water. Leave to soak for approx. 8 – 10 min.
I403.4	In a large bowl, mix together yogurt, cream cheese, and Baileys. Then, place gelatin mixture in a small saucepan with sugar and simmer over medium heat for approx. 2 – 3 min. until sugar is dissolved. Next, add gelatin mixture to yogurt and cream cheese mixture. Stir well to combine.
I403.5	Add cookie crumb mixture to a round baking form and press firmly into bottom of baking form. Pour yogurt and cream cheese mixture into baking form. Gently tap on counter to release air bubbles. Transfer to fridge and allow to set for approx. 3 hours.
I403.6	Finely chop chocolate and transfer to a large bowl. In a small saucepan, bring espresso powder, cream, and corn syrup to a simmer over medium heat. Pour over chopped chocolate, let stand for approx. 15 – 30 sec., and then stir well to combine.
I403.7	Carefully run knife around edges of the baking form. Remove cake and transfer to a cake platter. Evenly spread ganache over top of cheesecake. Garnish cake with an outer ring of coffee flavored chocolates. Enjoy with a cold glass of Baileys!
R404	chai-vegan-hot-chocolate	3
I404.1	In a large saucepan, combine almond milk, ginger, cloves, cardamom pods, peppercorns, cinnamon stick, fennel seeds, and black tea. Heat over medium heat for approx. 2 – 3 min. until steamy.
I404.2	Add agave syrup and cocoa powder to pan. Whisk thoroughly to incorporate.
I404.3	Place a sieve over a cup for serving. Ladle chai hot chocolate into mug. Remove sieve and enjoy straightaway!
R405	oven-ratatouille-with-feta	4
I405.1	Preheat the oven to 200°C/400°F. Finely chop onions and garlic. Dice zucchini, eggplant, and bell pepper.
I405.2	Juice the lemon. Pick thyme and rosemary leaves from sprigs.
I405.3	Place diced vegetables into ovenproof dish and add crushed tomatoes. Toss with white wine vinegar, olive oil, lemon juice, and herbs. Season generously with salt and pepper. Roast in preheated oven at 200°C/400°F for approx. 45 - 60 min. until tender and fully cooked through. Crumble feta on top after approx. 30 min. Serve with roasted potatoes or garlic bread.
I405.4	Now, roast in preheated oven at 200°C/400°F for approx. 45 - 60 min. until tender and fully cooked through. Crumble feta on top after approx. 30 min. Serve with roasted potatoes or garlic bread.
R406	baked-ziti-with-italian-sausage	7
I406.1	Preheat oven to 200°C/400°F. Cook pasta according to package instructions, then drain and set aside. Meanwhile, slice mushrooms and remove casings from sausages. Grease baking dish.
I406.2	Cook sausage in large frying pan over medium-high heat, stirring frequently, until no longer pink.
I406.3	Add mushrooms and fennel seeds. Cook, stirring frequently, until mushrooms are tender.
I406.4	Add wine, stirring to loosen browned bits from bottom of pan. Add tomato sauce and cook, stirring occasionally, until heated through. Remove from heat.
I406.5	Add cooked pasta to sauce mixture; toss well to coat. Spoon into prepared baking dish.
I406.6	Sprinkle evenly with mozzarella cheese and Parmesan cheese.
I406.7	Bake at 200°C/400°F for approx. 15 – 20 min., or until cheese is bubbly and golden brown. Cool for approx. 5 min. before serving.
R407	mini-oyster-mushroom-cilantro-and-avocado-burritos	9
I407.1	Cut oyster mushrooms into bite-sized pieces. Remove stem from tomato and cut into small cubes.
I407.2	Pluck a small handful of cilantro leaves for garnish and set aside. Finely chop remaining cilantro leaves and stems. Shred cheddar cheese.
I407.3	In a large saucepan, bring rice, water, and salt to a boil. Cover, reduce heat to low, and cook for approx. 12 – 15 min. until rice is tender and has absorbed all of the water. Remove from heat and allow to cool.
I407.4	Cut avocado in half and remove pit. Scoop out flesh, place in a bowl, and mash with a fork. Add half of cilantro and the white wine vinegar to bowl, and mix well to combine. Season to taste with salt and pepper.
I407.5	In a large frying pan, heat up half of olive oil over medium heat and sauté oyster mushrooms and chopped dried chili for approx. 3 – 4 min. Season to taste with salt and pepper. In a small bowl, toss tomatoes with rest of olive oil. Season to taste with salt and pepper.
I407.6	Once rice has cooled, fold in remainder of cilantro.
I407.7	Place tortillas on a flat work surface. Layer with mashed avocado, cilantro rice, diced tomatoes, oyster mushrooms, and cheddar.
I407.8	Fold the tortillas in from the sides and then roll forward with your thumbs until burrito is tightly rolled. Wrap with aluminum foil and cut in half. Serve garnished with reserved cilantro leaves.
I407.9	Kochhaus wishes you happy cooking!
R408	coleslaw-with-cranberries	3
I408.1	Finely chop parsley. Roughly chop cranberries. Cut onion, carrots, and cabbage into thin strips.
I408.2	In a large bowl, thoroughly mix together parsley, lemon juice, vinegar, sour cream, and buttermilk. Season to taste with salt, pepper, and sugar.
I408.3	Thoroughly mix together all chopped ingredients with the dressing. Cover your bowl with plastic wrap and place in the fridge for at least two hours to allow flavors to blend together. Enjoy!
R409	sweet-potato-pizza	5
I409.1	A binge watching night requires the right snacks. No one knows this better than Tom Beck, a German actor, who has been starring in numerous TV shows like "Alarm Alarm for Cobra 11 – The Highway Police". Instead of eating a bag of chips, he recommends these delicious sweet potato pizzas that outshine any frozen pizza.
I409.2	Preheat oven to 180°C/355°F. Cut sweet potato into 1/3-in. thick slices and transfer to a parchment-lined baking sheet. Brush oil on both sides of slices and season with salt. Transfer to oven and bake for approx. 15 min.
I409.3	Cut goat cheese and figs into thin slices. While sweet potato slices are still hot, top with sliced goat cheese, figs, and walnuts. Return to oven and bake at 200°C/390°F for approx. 8 min., or until cheese is melted.
I409.4	Drizzle maple syrup over sweet potato pizza and serve with fresh garden cress. Enjoy!
I409.5	The best opportunity to try out these sweet potato pizzas is March 17th. Then, "You Are Wanted," Amazon's first German series production, is released.
R410	sweet-potato-curry	6
I410.1	Finely dice onion and mince garlic. Peel ginger and finely mince. Next, cut pumpkin and bell pepper into cubes. Halve cherry tomatoes. Peel sweet potato and cut into equally sized cubes.
I410.2	Heat olive oil in pan over medium heat. Sauté onion, garlic, and ginger for approx. 1 – 2 min. Next, add cubed sweet potato, pumpkin, and red pepper. Stir in tomato paste, curry powder, and curry paste. Season to taste with salt, pepper, and chili flakes. Continue to sauté for an additional 3 – 5 min.
I410.3	Add coconut milk to frying pan and stir thoroughly. Bring to a boil, then reduce heat and allow to simmer for approx. 10 – 15 min. until tender.
I410.4	Roughly chop mint and basil.
I410.5	Add cashews, cherry tomatoes, and snow peas to frying pan. Stir thoroughly.
I410.6	Squeeze juice from lime and add to the curry. Gently stir in mint and basil. Serve with rice or bulgur and enjoy!
R411	strawberry-cake	4
I411.1	Mix all ingredients to make the sponge cake batter. Butter a springform pan and dust with flour. Pour the batter into the pan and distribute evenly. Bake in pre-heated oven at 180°C/350°F for approx. 20 min. until golden.
I411.2	Follow packet instructions to make the vanilla custard. Then set aside to cool.
I411.3	Wash the strawberries. Place the sponge cake on a cake plate, then put a cake ring around it. Remove the skin on top of the custard, then evenly distribute on top of the sponge cake. Neatly arrange strawberries on top of the custard layer.
I411.4	Follow packet instructions to prepare the jelly and use a tablespoon to evenly spread it on top of the strawberries. Put the cake in the fridge for at least 1 h. Serve with whipped cream.
R412	easy-stone-fruit-galette	3
I412.1	Gently unfold pastry and place on parchment paper-lined baking sheet. Slice stone fruit and combine with sugar, cornstarch, and lemon juice in medium bowl.
I412.2	Preheat oven to 220°C/425°F. Add fruit mixture to center of pastry leaving a 5 cm/2-in. border. Fold edges of dough over filling to partially cover. Beat the egg and brush it on pastry.
I412.3	Sprinkle galette with remaining sugar. Bake at 220°C/425° F for approx. 20 min., or until crust is golden brown. Toast the almonds and sprinkle them on top. Serve warm or at room temperature with a scoop of ice cream. Enjoy!
R413	asparagus-crepes-with-eggnog-hollandaise	7
I413.1	Roughly chop parsley. In a mixing bowl, stir together flour, eggs, warm butter, salt, and milk for approx. 3 – 5 min. until a smooth, even batter forms. Season with pepper. Stir in chopped parsley and Parmesan. Cover bowl and transfer to fridge for approx. 30 min.
I413.2	Heat olive oil in a frying pan, add panko and toast for approx. 2 – 3 min. until golden brown. Set aside.
I413.3	In another frying pan, heat up olive oil, add asparagus and sauté for approx. 5 – 7 min. until soft and starting to turn golden brown. Add lemon juice and season with salt and pepper. Then set aside.
I413.4	Add vinegar to a small saucepan over medium heat. Add white wine, bay leaf, peppercorns, mustard seeds and sugar. Season with salt. Set a heatproof bowl over a pot of simmering water. Set a sieve on top of the bowl and pour wine mixture through sieve into the bowl. Remove sieve, then add egg yolks, whisking constantly so that the egg yolk doesn’t cook. Gradually add butter in a slow stream. Keep whisking until hollandaise thickens.
I413.5	Remove from heat, whisk in eggnog and set aside.
I413.6	Melt butter in a frying pan over medium-high heat and cook crêpes for approx. 1 min. per side until golden brown.
I413.7	Transfer crêpe to a serving plate. Place two slices of ham and four green asparagus shoots on each crêpe, then roll carefully. Drizzle eggnog hollandaise on top, sprinkle with toasted panko, and garnish with fresh parsley. Enjoy!
R414	cold-brew-irish-coffee	3
I414.1	In a large measuring cup, mix together ground coffee and water. Cover with plastic wrap and allow to sit for at least six hours or overnight.
I414.2	Pour coffee through a sieve with a paper coffee filter.
I414.3	Pour coffee into glasses for serving and add Baileys. Stir well. Enjoy on ice!
R415	raspberry-molten-chocolate-cupcakes	3
I415.1	Preheat oven to 200°C/400°F. Roughly chop chocolate. In a small saucepan, melt chocolate over low heat. Add butter and stir until well mixed. Add eggs to standing mixer and beat with sugar, vanilla bean seeds, and a pinch of salt until frothy. Then, add flour and beat until smooth. Add melted chocolate and continue to beat until all ingredients are thoroughly combined.
I415.2	Now, line muffin tin with muffin liners. Fill each one halfway full with batter. Place two raspberries in each cup and then top with remaining batter. Reserve leftover raspberries for serving. Place muffin tin in the freezer for approx. 10 min.
I415.3	Take muffin tin out of the freezer and transfer directly to preheated oven and bake at 200°C/400°F for approx. 7 - 9 min. Remove from oven and allow to cool for approx. 10 min. Lightly dust with confectioner’s sugar. Serve with the remaining raspberries on the side. Enjoy!
R416	one-pot-pasta-with-orzo-and-shrimp	5
I416.1	Preheat oven to 170°C/350°F. Mince garlic. Roughly chop parsley.
I416.2	In a frying pan, sauté garlic and orzo in some vegetable oil over medium heat for approx. 3 – 5 min. Season with salt and pepper.
I416.3	Deglaze pan with some of the stock and simmer until liquid is absorbed. Now, incrementally add rest of stock to pan and sauté for approx. 10 – 15 min. until al dente.
I416.4	Add shrimp to pan and season with salt and pepper. Cover pan with a lid and place in the oven for approx. 5 min. at 170°C/350°F.
I416.5	Garnish with parsley, lemon zest, and Parmesan. Enjoy!
R417	avocado-delight-smoothie	4
I417.1	Peel half of the oranges, remove pits and cut into chunks. Peel and pit avocado and roughly chop.
I417.2	Juice the remaining oranges using a citrus press.
I417.3	Add avocado, orange pieces, orange juice, lime juice, and agave syrup to blender. Pour in almond milk and blend until smooth.
I417.4	Pause blender and add vanilla extract. Then continue to mix for approx. 1 – 2 min. Enjoy immediately. For an even more refreshing experience, serve on ice.
R418	herring-salad	4
I418.1	In a small bowl, mix together crème fraiche, cream, horseradish, and mustard to make a dressing.
I418.2	Finely dice onion. Cut pickles into thin medallions. Roughly chop dill and parsley. Core apple, quarter, and cut into thin slices. Cut herring fillet into bite-sized pieces.
I418.3	In a large bowl, combine onion, pickles, parsley, dill, apple, herring, and dressing.
I418.4	Squeeze lemon juice into bowl. Stir thoroughly to combine. Enjoy alone or with a thick slice of rye bread!
R419	pasta-with-creamy-avocado-lime-sauce	6
I419.1	Bring water to a boil in a large pot with a lid over medium-high heat. Salt the water and add spelt spaghetti. Reduce heat to medium and cook for approx. 8 – 10 min., until al dente
I419.2	In the meantime, make the sauce and prepare the toppings. Peel avocado and remove the pit. Cut avocado flesh into small pieces. Cut tomatoes into quarters and roughly chop arugula. Set tomatoes and arugula aside for serving. Peel garlic clove and chop onion. Transfer avocado to a food processor or blender.
I419.3	Add garlic, chopped onion, olive oil, orange juice, agave syrup, and lime juice to food processor. Season with salt and pepper. Blend on high for approx. 30 sec., until smooth and creamy. Add vegetable stock or pasta water and blend on high for another 10 sec.
I419.4	When pasta is done, drain and transfer to a large skillet. Add avocado sauce and toss until pasta is well coated. Heat up the pasta on low heat for approx. 2 min. Season with salt and pepper and divide onto plates.
I419.5	Top with tomato quarters before serving.
I419.6	Sprinkle with fresh oregano and add arugula. Serve immediately. Enjoy!
R420	breakfast-burrito	6
I420.1	Finely dice bell pepper. Thinly slice onion into half rings. Finely chop chives.
I420.2	Using a box grater, roughly grate cheese.
I420.3	In a large bowl, beat together a little bit of Tabasco sauce with the eggs.
I420.4	Heat up butter in a frying pan and sauté onions over medium heat for approx. 1 – 2 minutes. Then, add the bell pepper and continue to sauté for an additional 2 – 3 min.
I420.5	Add eggs to the pan and continue to sauté, stirring occasionally, for approx. 3 – 5 min. Then, add the cheese and stir until melted.
I420.6	Place some of the eggs in the middle of the tortilla, taking care not to overfill. Sprinkle some chives on top. Fold tortilla in from the sides. Then, roll forward from bottom with thumbs until burrito is tightly rolled. Enjoy!
R421	matcha-ice-cream	5
I421.1	Beat part of the cream with a hand mixer until stiff.
I421.2	Add remaining cream and the milk to a saucepan and bring to a simmer. Immediately add sugar and matcha powder. Stir until incorporated. Reduce heat and continue to simmer for approx. 1 min. Then, remove from heat.
I421.3	Add egg yolks, honey, and lime juice to a bowl. Place bowl on top of a saucepan with boiling water. Add lime zest and whisk for approx. 3 – 4 min. until sauce has thickened. Be careful not to overheat.
I421.4	Remove egg yolk mixture from heat. Combine with matcha cream. Whisk until well combined. To cool, place over an ice bath and continue to whisk for approx. 3 – 4 min.
I421.5	Fold whipped cream into matcha and egg mixture. Stir well to combine. Place in freezer for approx. 15 – 18 hours. Garnish with fresh berries or mint leaves, if desired. Enjoy!
R422	florentines	4
I422.1	Preheat oven to 190°C/375°F. Melt butter, honey, and sugar in a small saucepan over medium heat, stirring occasionally to prevent burning. Zest orange and lemon into saucepan, add a pinch of salt, and stir to combine. Remove from heat.
I422.2	Stir in chopped peanuts and sliced almonds.
I422.3	Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Use a spatula to spread mixture into a thin rectangle. Transfer to preheated oven and bake at 190°C/375°F for approx. 10 - 15 min.
I422.4	Cut into even triangles while still warm. If desired, garnish with chocolate ganache and salt. Enjoy!
R423	creamy-pasta-with-broccoli	10
I423.1	Cut the broccoli into florets. Halve the mushrooms. Roughly chop parsley. Mince garlic and dice onion.
I423.2	Cook pasta in salted boiling water, according to package instructions, for approx. 6 – 8 min. Drain and set aside.
I423.3	In a large saucepan, blanch broccoli florets in salted boiling water for approx. 1 – 2 min. until crisp/tender.
I423.4	Immediately submerge broccoli into a bowl filled with cold water and ice cubes. Allow to cool for approx. 1- 2 min. Drain and set aside.
I423.5	In a grease-free frying pan, roast the pine nuts over medium heat, stirring often, for approx. 2 – 3 min. until golden brown and fragrant.
I423.6	In a food processor, blend together the cashew butter, water, lemon juice, mustard, olive oil, vinegar, and a dash of sugar and salt.
I423.7	In a frying pan, sauté mushrooms, broccoli, onion and garlic  in some vegetable oil over medium heat for approx. 3 – 5 min.
I423.8	Add pasta to pan and continue to sauté, stirring occasionally,  for approx. 1 – 2 min.
I423.9	Add the sauce to the pan, stir well to combine, and continue to sauté for approx. 1 – 2 min. until hot.
I423.10	Add parsley and pine nuts to pan and stir until well incorporated. Enjoy!
R424	vegan-gingerbread-house	7
I424.1	Mix ground flaxseed with a part of the water in a small bowl. Set aside for approx. 5 min.
I424.2	In the meantime, add flour, demerara sugar, spices, baking soda, margarine, and molasses to a standing mixer. Knead until a smooth dough forms.
I424.3	Wrap dough in plastic wrap, transfer to refrigerator, and let rest for approx. 1 h.
I424.4	Preheat oven to 180°C/350°F. Flour work surface and roll dough out until approx. 1/2 finger thick. Using stencils (you will find them in the last step), cut out shapes needed for a gingerbread house. Cut Christmas tree shapes and gingerbread men out of remaining dough. Transfer to a lined baking sheet and bake in preheated oven for approx. 10 – 20 min., in batches if necessary. The pieces should be golden brown with a slightly firm surface. Transfer to a cooling rack.
I424.5	Meanwhile, mix confectioner’s sugar with just enough water to form a thick icing. Once pieces have cooled, decorate with icing using a piping bag. If desired, decorate with sprinkles or other edible decorations. Set aside to dry completely.
I424.6	Melt sugar and a little water in a small saucepan and cook over medium heat until a dark caramel forms. Carefully dip bottom of house pieces in caramel and stick to a serving plate. Use caramel to stick together other inner edges and to attach Christmas trees and gingerbread men.
I424.7	For your gingerbread house cut out each template from the dough twice. You can also take the measurements and make your own stencils. Enjoy!
R425	classic-french-coq-au-vin	6
I425.1	Slice bacon into fine strips, trim and halve mushrooms, quarter shallots, and roughly dice potatoes.
I425.2	Melt butter in a sauce pan and sauté bacon, mushrooms, shallots and potatoes, lightly season with salt and pepper. Then remove from pan and put aside.
I425.3	Salt chicken legs and fry in the same pan. Once the meat has colored on both sides, add tomato paste and brown together.
I425.4	Next, deglaze pan with half of red wine and boil for approx. 5 – 7 min., until the alcohol evaporates. Now, put the cooked vegetables back into the pan.
I425.5	Pour in remaining red wine and chicken stock. Add bay leaf, thyme, and rosemary and let simmer for approx. 30 – 35 min. with closed lid on medium heat.
I425.6	Next, thicken the sauce with cornstarch. Add salt and pepper to taste. Serve in a deep dish or casserole dish.
R426	coconut-crusted-cod	7
I426.1	Spread out coconut chips on a baking sheet and toast in the oven at 180°C/355°F for approx. 5 min.
I426.2	Peel and dice mango. Finely chop cilantro. Grate lemon peel and cut cod in two equal-sized fillets.
I426.3	Heat coconut milk in a large saucepan over medium heat for approx. 3 min. Fold in desiccated coconut until it thickens, then turn down heat. Stir in chopped cilantro. Add egg yolk as soon as mixture isn’t hot anymore. Add olive oil and season with salt, pepper, and lemon juice.
I426.4	Cut banana leaves in into pieces large enough to wrap around cod pieces. Heat water in a large saucepan: do not boil. Add banana leaves one at a time for approx. 2 min., or until softened.
I426.5	Season each cod fillet with salt and pepper and transfer to the middle of a banana leaf. Cover with coconut mixture.
I426.6	Fold banana leaves until all sides of cod fish are covered. Use toothpicks to secure the leaves. Bake in the oven at 180°C/350°F for approx. 30 min.
I426.7	Serve with diced mango. Sprinkle chili flakes and toasted coconut chips on top. Enjoy!
R427	homemade-ice-pops	4
I427.1	Drain the mandarins and puree in a measuring cup with the vanilla sugar.
I427.2	Stir the natural yogurt in evenly.
I427.3	Beat the heavy cream until stiff and stir into the mixture evenly.
I427.4	Next, fill the popsicle molds with the mixture. Freeze for at least 4 - 5 hours. Enjoy!
R428	eggnog-coffee-shooter	2
I428.1	Add egg liqueur to a serving glass.
I428.2	Top with a cappuccino and with more milk foam, if desired. Garnish with praline sprinkles. Enjoy!
R429	pizza-bufalina	8
I429.1	Add sugar and yeast to lukewarm water; stir thoroughly until dissolved.
I429.2	In a large mixing bowl, mix together flour and salt. Then add olive oil and water mixture to center of the flour and mix together until well incorporated.
I429.3	Turn out dough onto a floured work surface and knead until dough is smooth, but firm. Transfer back to floured bowl, cover with kitchen towel, and store in a warm, dry place for approx. 1 – 2 hours until dough has doubled in volume.
I429.4	Place pizza stone in unheated oven, then preheat to 250°C/480°F.
I429.5	Remove dough from bowl. On a floured work surface, flatten out to approx. the size of the pizza stone. Transfer to a pizza paddle.
I429.6	In a small bowl, mix together tomato purée, olive oil, and salt. Roughly tear up basil leaves and add them to sauce. Spread a thin layer over pizza, transfer to pizza stone, and bake in preheated oven at 250°C/480°F for approx. 6 – 7 min.
I429.7	Meanwhile, cut cherry tomatoes in half and buffalo mozzarella into thin slices. Remove pizza from oven; place tomatoes and mozzarella on top, return to oven and bake for another 6 – 7 min. until cheese is melted and crust is golden.
I429.8	Garnish pizza with fresh basil leaves. Drizzle with high quality olive oil before serving, if desired. Enjoy!
R430	flank-steak-with-chimichurri	3
I430.1	Preheat the grill. Quarter shallots and crush garlic. Remove seeds from red chili and juice lime.
I430.2	Finely puree parsley, oregano, cilantro, shallots, garlic, red chili, lime juice, some of the olive oil, and vinegar in a food processor. Generously season with sugar, salt and pepper.
I430.3	Brush steak with rest of olive oil and season well with salt and pepper. Now grill for approx. 1 – 2 min. per side. Place rosemary and thyme on top and let the steak rest for approx. 10 min. on indirect heat. Serve with Chimichurri and a fresh summer salad.
R431	bacon-and-sauerkraut-cheeseburger	6
I431.1	In a large bowl, mix together ground beef, mustard, paprika powder, salt, and pepper. Form into equal-sized patties, transfer to a plate, and let sit at room temperature until needed for cooking.
I431.2	In a small saucepan, heat up drained sauerkraut over medium-low heat for approx. 5 – 7 min. Cover and remove from heat.
I431.3	In a large frying pan, cook bacon over medium-high heat for approx. 1 – 2 min. per side until crispy. Transfer to a paper towel-lined plate to remove excess grease.
I431.4	In a large frying pan, sauté burgers in some vegetable oil over medium heat for approx. 3 – 4 min. per side for medium-rare; 4 – 5 min. per side for well-done.
I431.5	When burgers are finished cooking, top with cheddar cheese. Transfer to a plate, cover with foil, and let sit for approx. 3 – 5  min.
I431.6	In the meantime, wash and dry lettuce. Heat a large, clean frying pan over medium heat, then add very little vegetable oil and toast burger buns for approx. 60 – 90 sec. per side. Mix together ketchup and mustard; spread an even layer over bottom burger bun. Assemble burger by layering lettuce, burger patty, sauerkraut, bacon, and pickles on top. Finish with some more sauce and top half of burger bun. Enjoy!
R432	french-toast-berry-rolls	4
I432.1	Flatten sandwich bread with a rolling pin and thinly spread Nutella on top. Mash raspberries. Add mashed raspberries to sandwich bread.
I432.2	Mix eggs and buttermilk. Roll up sandwich bread, then roll them in the egg-buttermilk mixture.
I432.3	Combine sugar and cinnamon. Fry sandwich bread on all sides in butter until golden, briefly pat dry on paper towels, then quickly roll in sugar-cinnamon-mixture.
I432.4	Serve with berries, honey and/or yogurt. For a better look, you can also halve the rolls.
R433	creamy-whole-wheat-pasta-with-chicken	6
I433.1	Peel onion and chop finely. Cut broccoli into small florets. Cut chicken breast into bite-sized pieces.
I433.2	Cook pasta in plenty of salted boiling water, according to package instructions, for approx. 8 – 10 min. until al dente. Drain, save some of the pasta water and set aside.
I433.3	Meanwhile, in another pot, blanch broccoli in salted boiling water for approx. 2 – 3 min. Drain and set aside.
I433.4	Season chicken breast with salt and pepper. Sear meat in a hot frying pan with a little vegetable oil for approx. 4 – 5 min. per side. Add onions and sauté until translucent. Add broccoli and continue to sauté.
I433.5	Now, stir in heavy cream, add some of the pasta water, and boil down to a thick sauce for about 5 – 7 min.
I433.6	Season sauce with some nutmeg and salt and pepper. Toss pasta briefly in the sauce and serve in deep plates.
R434	thai-noodle-and-beef-salad	8
I434.1	Steep glass noodles, according to package instructions, in salted hot water for approx. 5 - 6 min.
I434.2	Drain glass noodles and briefly rinse under cold water. Cut shorter with a knife if desired.
I434.3	Mix soy sauce and honey to make a marinade.
I434.4	Cut beef into strips, approx. 0.5cm thick, and marinate in the mixture for approx. 5 - 10 min.
I434.5	In the meantime, cut bell pepper, onion, and mint leaves into fine strips and put into a large bowl.
I434.6	For the dressing, mix fish sauce, sweet chili sauce, lime juice, and peanut oil. Pour the dressing onto the vegetables.
I434.7	Brown the beef strips on all sides in a hot frying pan with some vegetable oil for approx. 3 – 5 min.
I434.8	Mix glass noodles with vegetables and beef. Fold in peanuts and serve warm in a large serving dish.
R435	spanish-sangria	2
I435.1	Core apples and cut into small pieces. Cut oranges and lemons into small wedges. Pit peaches and cut into thin slices.
I435.2	In a large measuring jug, combine apples, oranges, lemons, peaches, sugar, cinnamon, bitter lemon, orange soda, rum, red vermouth, and red wine. Stir thoroughly and then set aside for approx. 30 min. Serve over ice!
R436	roasted-cauliflower-soup	11
I436.1	Preheat oven to 200°C/390°F. Cut cauliflower into small florets.
I436.2	In a large saucepan, roast cauliflower and fennel seeds in some olive oil for approx. 3 – 5 min. until fragrant.
I436.3	Season with sugar, nutmeg, salt and pepper.
I436.4	Deglaze pan with vegetable stock. Bring to a boil, reduce heat, and allow to simmer for approx. 8 – 10 min. until the cauliflower is tender.
I436.5	Add soy milk to pan.
I436.6	Remove soup from heat and blend with a hand blender until smooth. Allow to rest.
I436.7	Cut ciabatta into slices.
I436.8	Place bread slices onto a baking tray (lined if needed) and drizzle with olive oil. Bake in a preheated oven at 200°C/390°F for approx. 5 – 7 min. until golden brown and crispy. Remove from oven.
I436.9	Thinly slice basil and finely chop shallot and a part of the garlic. Dice tomatoes into small cubes.
I436.10	Transfer tomatoes, basil, shallots, and garlic to a bowl. Add some olive oil and season to taste with salt, pepper, and cayenne pepper. Mix well to combine.
I436.11	When the bread is cool enough to handle, halve garlic clove and use flat side to rub over toasted bread. Top with tomato mixture. Reheat soup if needed and transfer to soup plates. Drizzle with extra olive oil and serve with bruschetta on the side.
R437	swedish-meatballs	8
I437.1	Tear bread roll into small pieces and soak in milk for approx. 5 – 7 min. until soft.
I437.2	In the meantime, finely chop onion and sauté in a small frying pan with some vegetable oil until translucent.
I437.3	Add sautéed onion, ground beef, egg, allspice, salt, and pepper to the bowl with the soaked bun and mix well until just combined.
I437.4	Form beef mixture into balls (approx. 3 cm), place on a plate, cover, and cool for approx. 20 – 30 min.
I437.5	Melt butter in a large frying pan and brown meatballs from all sides for approx. 15 – 20 min. over medium heat. Make sure that the pan is not overcrowded. Remove cooked meatballs from the pan and set aside.
I437.6	For the sauce, sauté flour in the remaining cooking oil and fill up with beef stock while stirring constantly.
I437.7	Then, stir in heavy cream. Bring sauce to a simmer for approx. 5 – 7 min. until thickened.
I437.8	To finish, season with soy sauce and pepper. Return meatballs to the pan, toss in sauce, and serve with lingonberry jam and mashed potatoes.
R438	pimms-bowl	2
I438.1	Dice oranges, lemons, and cucumber. Transfer to a large bowl or pitcher.
I438.2	Add Pimm's and ginger ale. Stir gently to combine. Serve over ice and garnish with mint and powdered sugar, if desired.
R439	sour-cherry-pie	6
I439.1	To make the pie crust, mix together flour, some of the sugar, and some of the salt. Add butter and use your fingers or a food processor to combine, just until large clumps form. Make a well in the center of the mixture and pour in the water a little at a time, using your fingers to lightly mix. Continue until all the water has absorbed and a crumbly dough has formed. If dough seems dry, add more water, a tablespoon at a time.
I439.2	Scrape dough onto a lightly floured work surface and press the dough into a compact disc, then halve and form each half into a disc. Wrap in plastic wrap and refrigerate for an hour.
I439.3	For the filling, combine remaining sugar with lemon zest in a large bowl. Add cornstarch and salt and whisk until combined, then add cherries and toss to coat. If using frozen cherries, be sure to drain off any excess juice after thawing and before combining with other ingredients for filling.
I439.4	Preheat oven to 190°C/375°F and grease a pie dish (9-inch/23-cm.) Take dough out of refrigerator and let warm up for a few minutes. On a lightly floured work surface, roll one disc into a 0.25-in./0.5-cm thick round. Transfer the round to the pie dish, letting the excess hang over the edge, and distribute cherry filling evenly on top.
I439.5	Roll second dough disk into a round of same thickness and cut into 1-in./2.5-cm wide strips. Use the strips to form a lattice pattern over the cherry filling.
I439.6	Trim the bottom and top dough, leaving 0.5-in./1.33-cm of dough hanging over the sides. Lift the sides up and fold them under the dough edge to form a thick crust, then crimp the sides or simply press to seal the dough together. Beat the egg and brush it on top of the lattice dough. Sprinkle generously with demerara sugar. Bake pie at 190°C/375°F for approx. 1 hour, or until the crust is golden brown and filling is bubbling. Let cool completely before serving. Enjoy!
R440	roasted-vegetables-with-mustard-vinaigrette	4
I440.1	Preheat oven to 200°C/400°F. Halve Brussels sprouts, cube potatoes, cut red onions into wedges, chop rosemary and parsley, and mince garlic.
I440.2	In a large bowl, toss Brussels sprouts, potatoes, onions, and rosemary together with olive oil and salt and pepper to taste. Transfer to an aluminum foil-lined baking sheet in a single layer and roast for approx. 20 – 30 min., or until cooked through and caramelized.
I440.3	Meanwhile, whisk or blend lemon juice, mustard, garlic, and maple syrup until combined. Slowly add olive oil until emulsified.
I440.4	Transfer warm roasted vegetables to serving plate and drizzle with vinaigrette. Garnish with parsley.
R441	kung-pao-chicken	5
I441.1	Dice green and red peppers. Scrape out cucumber seeds and dice. Peel and finely slice ginger and garlic, Slice green onions and finely chop chili peppers. Cut chicken breast into bite-sized pieces.
I441.2	Mix cornstarch and water in a bowl to make a slurry. Add bite-sized chicken pieces and toss to coat.
I441.3	Add oil to a wok and fry peanuts on low heat for approx. 3 – 4 min. Remove from pan, drain on a layer of paper towels, and set aside.
I441.4	Add chicken to wok and fry for approx. 6 – 7 min., until almost cooked through. Transfer to paper towels and set aside. Make sure to keep the slurry in the bowl.
I441.5	Add sliced green onions, ginger, garlic and dry chili peppers to wok and fry for approx. 2 - 3 min. Transfer chicken back to wok. Add cucumber, diced green and red peppers. Stir in remaining slurry and sauté for approx. 2 min. Mix in vinegar, sugar, Shaoxing wine and soy sauce. Season with salt and pepper and reduce everything for approx. 1 min. Serve with fried peanuts on top. Enjoy!
R442	cinnamon-and-almond-ice-cream	9
I442.1	Preheat oven to 180°C/350°F. Spread almonds over baking sheet and toast in oven until fragrant, approx. 5 – 10 minutes.
I442.2	Scrape seeds from vanilla beans.
I442.3	Add vanilla bean seeds to large saucepan along with the almond milk, heavy cream and cinnamon. Bring to a boil, then transfer to a large measuring cup. Set aside.
I442.4	Beat egg yolks along with the stevia in stand mixer until combined.
I442.5	With the beater on low, slowly stream the boiled almond milk mixture into the egg yolk mixture. Beat until well-combined.
I442.6	Transfer mixture to a clean bowl and heat over a double boiler, whisking constantly, until thickened slightly. To test for doneness, dip a spoon into the mixture to coat the spoon, then drag your finger down the back; if a clear path remains where your finger was, it’s ready.
I442.7	Set bowl over an ice bath, whisking it until it cools down.
I442.8	Transfer mixture to frozen ice cream bowl attachment and mix until ice cream thickens and freezes.
I442.9	Add toasted almonds and mix until combined. Transfer to loaf pan, cover with plastic wrap, and transfer to the freezer until frozen through. Slice into portions and top with more slivered almonds, if you like. Enjoy!
R443	caipirinha	3
I443.1	Cut limes into wedges.
I443.2	Divide lime wedges and sugar among glasses. Muddle with a wooden pestle.
I443.3	Add ice cubes and Cachaça. Stir well and enjoy!
R444	chicken-enchiladas	7
I444.1	Preheat the oven to 160°C/325°F. Finely dice garlic, onion, and chili pepper. Cut bell peppers into bite-sized pieces.
I444.2	Cut chicken into bite-sized pieces.
I444.3	In a frying pan, sauté chicken in some vegetable oil over medium-high heat for approx. 7 - 10 min. until browned. Season with salt and pepper. Set aside and allow to cool.
I444.4	Pick cilantro leaves off stems and roughly chop. Then, in a large bowl, mix together half of cheese, crème fraîche, and cilantro. Season with paprika, salt, and pepper to taste.
I444.5	In a frying pan, sauté onion, garlic, peppers, and corn in some vegetable oil over medium heat for approx. 5 - 7 min. until onions are translucent and garlic is lightly browned. Season with salt and pepper.
I444.6	Add sautéed vegetables and chicken to crème fraîche and cheese mixture. Stir well to combine.
I444.7	Place some of the filling into a tortilla and roll tightly. Arrange enchiladas in a baking dish, top with the rest of the cheese, and bake in the oven at 160°C/325°F for approx. 8 - 10 min. until cheese is melted. Enjoy right away!
R445	dreamy-chocolate-date-smoothie	3
I445.1	Break banana into pieces and add to blender. Pit dates using a knife and add to blender. Then, add flaxseed, vanilla extract, cinnamon, and cocoa powder.
I445.2	Add ice cubes to blender. Pour in almond milk and add almond butter if desired.
I445.3	Blend on high speed for approx. 2 – 3 min. until creamy and smooth. Enjoy for breakfast or as a healthy snack.
R446	asian-style-red-pepper-salad	6
I446.1	Slice spring onions and finely chop onion and garlic. Cut romaine hearts, bell pepper, wild mushrooms, and mango into bite-size pieces.
I446.2	Heat up some peanut oil in a large frying pan. Sauté chopped onion, garlic, and bell pepper until slightly softened.
I446.3	Deglaze pan with three quarters of the soy sauce. Let simmer for 1 -2 min. Then, transfer to a large bowl.
I446.4	In the same pan, add some more peanut oil. Sauté mushrooms until fully cooked through. Season with salt and pepper. Then add to the bowl of sautéed bell peppers.
I446.5	To prepare the dressing, mix the remaining peanut oil with the remaining soy sauce, mirin, toasted sesame oil, lime juice, and honey. Season well with salt and pepper.
I446.6	Add romaine hearts, mango, spring onions, mint leaves, and coriander leaves to the sautéed vegetables. Drizzle the dressing on top and toss everything together. Enjoy lukewarm with some freshly baked bread.
R447	chicken-and-bell-pepper-curry-over-rice	4
I447.1	Slice chicken breasts crosswise. Mix olive oil, spicy paprika powder, and curry powder in a bowl. Add  chicken breast slices, toss to coat, and let marinate for approx. 15 min.
I447.2	Finely slice bell pepper. Add to steam cooking container together with marinated chicken breast and steam at 100°C/210°F for approx. 12 – 14 min.
I447.3	Add basmati rice and water to another cooking container and steam at 100°C/210°F for approx. 15 min.
I447.4	Add cream to a small saucepan on medium heat and simmer for approx. 2 min. Season with salt and pepper. If desired, thicken with starch. Stir in crème fraîche and take from heat. Serve chicken and bell pepper with sauce and rice. Enjoy!
R448	whole-roasted-goose	7
I448.1	Preheat oven to 160°C/325°F. For the filling, pick herb leaves and chop roughly. Slice onions and cut apples into cubes.
I448.2	With a sharp knife, trim skin around goose ankles to loosen skin and allow fat to render while cooking.
I448.3	Season cavity with salt and pepper and stuff with picked herb leaves, diced onion, and apples.
I448.4	Using kitchen twine, securely tie legs together.
I448.5	Generously rub the goose with olive oil.
I448.6	Lightly season chicken broth with some salt.
I448.7	Place stuffed goose into a casserole dish and add a quarter of the chicken broth. Bake in a preheated oven at 160°C/325°F for approx. 2 - 2.5 hrs. In 3 - 4 editions, braise with remaining chicken broth. Raise heat to 200°C/400°F during the last 30 min. to brown mean. Before serving, allow to rest for approx. 10 min. Enjoy with red cabbage and potato dumplings.
R449	strawberry-and-cucumber-salad	2
I449.1	First, wash and quarter the strawberries. Then, wash, peel, and halve the cucumber. Now scrape out the inner soft part of the cucumber (the seeds) using a teaspoon. Next, quarter both cucumber halves and cut them into small pieces. Now place the strawberry and cucumber pieces into the salad bowl.
I449.2	Now mix up all ingredients for the salad dressing and pour it over the salad. Finally, cut the basil into strips and add them to the salad as well. Mix up and set aside briefly to marinate.
R450	three-savory-dumplings	15
I450.1	In a standing mixer or with a hand mixer, beat together flour, a pinch of salt, and parts of the water and knead for approx. 5 – 7 min. until a smooth dough forms.
I450.2	On a lightly floured surface, continue to knead dough by hand until smooth. Place into a bowl and cover with a clean kitchen towel. Set aside and allow to rest for approx. 30 – 40 min.
I450.3	In a small bowl, whisk eggs until well combined.
I450.4	In a small saucepan, heat parts of the vegetable oil over medium-high heat until hot. Add eggs to pan and scramble for approx. 3 – 5 min. until eggs are fluffy and broken down into small pieces. Transfer to a plate and set aside to cool down.
I450.5	Peel shrimp and roughly chop. Mince ginger and finely chop Chinese chives.
I450.6	In a large bowl, combine scrambled eggs, ginger, minced meat, soy sauce, sugar, glutamate, and salt. Add the remaining water and mix well to combine.
I450.7	Add shrimp and chives to the bowl. Add remaining vegetable oil and stir to combine.
I450.8	On a lightly floured work surface, knead the dough. Using a sharp knife, separate into 4 equally sized portions. Halve quarters and roll each portion into a small log. Cut each log into 8 walnut-sized pieces.
I450.9	Roll dough portions on a lightly floured surface to cover each side with flour. Then, using little pressure, flatten the dough pieces with the palm of your hand.
I450.10	With a small rolling pin, roll each piece into a circle in the size of a small hand palm. To avoid tearing, make sure that the center of the dumpling is slightly thicker.
I450.11	Place approx. 1 teaspoon of the filling in the center of each round.
I450.12	Fold over one side to form a half circle and press the center. Then, tightly seal the remaining edges while releasing any extra air. Make sure that all sides are closed firmly. Place dumplings on a plate lined with paper towel.
I450.13	Half-fill a large saucepan with water and bring to a boil. Then, gently, but quickly slide in approx. 1/3 of the dumplings. Using a cooking spoon, carefully stir the dumplings to avoid sticking. When the water returns to a boil, add one cup of cold water to lower the temperature. Return to a boil and then add more cold water. Repeat for two more times. Stir occasionally.
I450.14	When the fourth cup of cold water is added, immediately turn off the heat and remove dumplings from the pan using a skimmer. Place on a plate and allow to drain. Cook remaining dumplings.
I450.15	For the dip, place vinegar into a small bowl. Add sugar and stir to combine. Press garlic into the bowl and mix well. Dip hot dumplings into the sauce and enjoy!
R451	immunbooster-bowl	2
I451.1	This smoothie bowl recipe by Sebastian Copien is bursting with so many vitamins that you simply won’t be able to resist it. You can also be sure that you’ll be ready to face the incoming cold and blustery days, when armed with this arsenal of health boosting ingredients!
I451.2	If you want to find other delicious and healthy blender recipes, then check out Sebastian’s book “Fit-Mix”(ZS Verlag) where you’ll find many other tasty breakfast smoothie ideas for every day and season.  Find the whole recipe in the video!
R452	fluffy-apple-pancakes	9
I452.1	Whisk together flour, some of the sugar, a pinch of salt, and baking powder.
I452.2	Juice lime. Heat lime juice and the remaining sugar in a frying pan over medium-low heat, stirring often. Once sugar has melted, add walnuts and continue to cook until nuts are caramelized, approx. 3 – 4 min. Remove from heat.
I452.3	Separate eggs and add egg whites to grease-free stand mixer. Set yolks aside. Beat egg whites on high until soft peaks form.
I452.4	In a large bowl, whisk together milk and egg yolks.
I452.5	Sift in flour mixture and mix well, making sure there are no lumps.
I452.6	Fold egg whites into the batter.
I452.7	Grate apple into the batter and add vanilla extract. Stir to combine.
I452.8	Heat some butter in a frying pan over medium heat. Spoon batter into frying pan and cook until golden brown (approx. 2 – 3 min. per side). Transfer to a plate to serve.
I452.9	To serve, top with caramelized walnuts and dried fruit.  Drizzle on maple syrup and enjoy as a delightful breakfast!
R453	radish-soup-with-meatballs	6
I453.1	Slice spring onion into fine rings. Finely chop ginger and slice radish into thin strips.
I453.2	Mix ground meat, chopped spring onion, chopped ginger, egg white, cornstarch, soy sauce, sugar, and salt well with a fork until an even consistency is formed.
I453.3	Boil water. Make small meat balls out of the mixture. Here it helps if hands are moistened with water to prevent the balls from sticking. Alternatively, use two teaspoons.
I453.4	Now, put the meat balls into the boiling water using a spoon.
I453.5	The egg white will cause a white foam to appear on the surface. Remove with a skimmer.
I453.6	Now add radish and glass noodles and bring to a boil. Then, simmer for approx. 4 - 5 min. Season with sesame oil and salt. Top with freshly chopped cilantro to serve.
R454	roasted-strawberry-cake	7
I454.1	Preheat oven to 190°C/375°F. Line baking sheet with parchment paper. Hull and halve a part of the strawberries and place in a large bowl. Slice remaining strawberries and set aside in a separate bowl.
I454.2	Whisk together honey, olive oil, and some of the salt. Pour over strawberries and mix to coat.
I454.3	Transfer strawberries to baking sheet and arrange in a single layer. Roast strawberries for approx. 30 - 40 minutes at 190°C/375°F, or until juices thicken. Transfer berries back to mixing bowl, add some of the balsamic vinegar, and toss to coat. Set aside.
I454.4	Mix together sugar, olive oil, vanilla, and remaining balsamic vinegar. Beat in the eggs well.
I454.5	In a separate bowl, whisk together flour, baking powder, and remaining salt. Gently fold half of dry ingredients into wet ingredients. Add yogurt, then remaining dry ingredients.
I454.6	Turn oven down to 175°C/350°F. Brush springform pan with olive oil. Pour half of batter into pan, then top with roasted strawberries and their juices, stopping about half-a-thumb’s length from the perimeter.
I454.7	Top with second half of batter, then arrange sliced strawberries on top in concentric circles. Bake for approx. 45 min. – 1 hour at 175°C/350°F, or until a toothpick inserted into center of cake comes out clean or with a few moist crumbs.
R455	angel-food-cake-with-fresh-strawberries	9
I455.1	Preheat oven to 160°C/325°F. Beat egg whites with some of the lemon juice and a pinch of salt until soft peaks form. Here it is important that the bowl and beater are free of any grease to reach the desired consistency!
I455.2	As soon as the egg whites start to form soft peaks, gradually add the vanilla sugar and sugar and continue to mix until stiff peaks form.
I455.3	Sift and combine flour, cornstarch, and baking powder.
I455.4	Fold the flour mixture carefully into the egg white mixture and pour into an Angel Food Cake pan. Smooth the top and bake in a preheated oven at 160°C/325°F for approx. 35 - 45 min until golden.
I455.5	Invert the pan to set down on its little feet, or use the middle hole to rest it on a bottle. Leave to cool for 1 hour.
I455.6	Meanwhile, slice mint into fine strips. Wash strawberries, remove the stalks and halve.
I455.7	Mix strawberries and mint with some of the confectioner's sugar and leave to one side. The sugar gives the strawberries a lovely shine.
I455.8	Now, for the icing, combine the rest of the confectioner's sugar with some of the lemon juice (freshly pressed if possible).
I455.9	Release the cake and glaze with icing. Once the icing has set (approx. 15 min) serve the cake with the fresh strawberries and garnish with fresh mint leaves.
R456	spicy-and-sour-potato-sticks	2
I456.1	Peel potatoes, finely julienne, and soak sticks in a bowl with cold water to reduce starchiness. Roughly chop dried chilies. Thinly slice scallions, ginger, garlic, and red and green peppers.
I456.2	Drain potato sticks, pat dry, and set aside. In a wok, heat oil over medium-high heat and fry ginger, scallion, dried chilies, and garlic until fragrant, approx. 2 – 3 min. Add potato sticks and fry for approx 5 – 8 more min., or until cooked through, stirring well. Season with vinegar, salt, and sugar. Top with sesame oil, serve with rice, and enjoy!
R457	easy-double-chocolate-chip-brownie	4
I457.1	Preheat oven to 180°C/350°F. Grease baking dish. Melt some of the chocolate chips and butter in large saucepan over low heat, stirring occasionally until smooth. Remove from heat.
I457.2	Beat in eggs, then fold in flour, sugar, vanilla extract, and baking soda. Stir in remaining chocolate chips and nuts.
I457.3	Spread batter evenly into greased baking dish.
I457.4	Bake at 180°C/350°F for approx. 18 – 22 min., or until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out slightly sticky. Cool completely in pan on wire rack. Enjoy!
R458	mini-cheeseburgers	6
I458.1	Use a round cookie cutter or a glass to cut out circular “burger” patties from the brownies. Halve the cupcakes horizontally with a sharp knife to create the bun. Sprinkle  bun tops with sesame seeds. Place the brownie burgers on the bottom halves of the cupcakes.
I458.2	In a small bowl, mix together coconut flakes, green food coloring, and water to make lettuce. Set aside.
I458.3	To make ketchup, add cream cheese and butter to stand mixer. Beat for approx. 1 min. on medium-high speed until fluffy. Add vanilla extract and continue beating for another minute. Slowly incorporate confectioner´s sugar and red food coloring until frosting is smooth and has reached the desired shade of red. Transfer frosting to prepared piping bag fitted with a small round tip and refrigerate for approx. 10 min.
I458.4	In the meantime, peel mango and cut into thin, squares to make cheese slices.
I458.5	To assemble the burger, place mango squares on top of each brownie patty. Pipe red frosting along the outer edges to look like ketchup on top of the cheese.
I458.6	Sprinkle green coconut flakes on top of red frosting. Place bun tops on top of each burger and secure with cupcake picks. Enjoy!
R459	grilled-caesar-salad	4
I459.1	Blend anchovies, peeled garlic, oil, salt, and pepper until smooth.
I459.2	Heat grill pan or grill to medium-high. Slice romaine hearts in half lengthwise; cut baguette in half, then slice in half again lengthwise. Brush cut side of romaine and bread with some of the anchovy mixture.
I459.3	Grill romaine hearts and bread cut side-down for approx. 1 – 2 minutes, or until grill marks appear. Meanwhile, add Worcestershire sauce, mayonnaise, lemon juice, mustard, and some of the grated Parmesan cheese to remaining anchovy mixture and blend until smooth, about 2 minutes. Season with salt and pepper to taste if needed.
I459.4	Serve romaine hearts and bread whole or cut into wide strips. Drizzle or toss with Caesar dressing to taste and top with remaining grated Parmesan cheese.
R460	pasta-with-strips-of-beef-and-creamy-mushrooms	6
I460.1	Cook pasta in plenty of salted boiling water, according to package instructions, for approx. 8 – 10 min. until al dente. Drain, save some pasta water, and set aside.
I460.2	In the meantime, cut onion into thin slices. Clean and quarter mushrooms. Cut meat into strips.
I460.3	Heat up some olive oil in a frying pan and sauté mushrooms for approx. 5 – 8 min. Add onion rings and cook for approx. 2 – 3 min. until translucent. Transfer to a plate and set aside.
I460.4	In the same pan, add some more olive oil and sear meat for approx. 2 – 3 min. per side. Season with salt and pepper.
I460.5	Return sautéed mushrooms back to the pan. Deglaze with white wine and stir in heavy cream. Then, season with thyme, rosemary, salt, and pepper and let simmer for 2 – 3 min until the sauce has thickened.
I460.6	Add cooked pasta to the sauce, toss briefly, and serve in deep plates.
R461	potato-and-fennel-casserole	3
I461.1	Slice peeled potatoes and fennel thinly and spread out inside the casserole dish. Season with salt and pepper.
I461.2	Chop or press garlic, and add to the milk, nutmeg, thyme. Bring to a boil.
I461.3	Add cottage cheese and Parmesan to the milk mixture, and then pour over the potato-fennel-mixture. Bake for approx. 45 min. at 180°C/350°F.
R462	green-bean-casserole	5
I462.1	Trim green beans. Add half of the summer savory to a large saucepan of boiling, salted water. Blanch green beans for approx. 2 min. and transfer to a large bowl of water mixed with ice cubes. Take beans out of cold water after approx. 1 min. and set aside.
I462.2	Quarter mushrooms. Mince onion. Finely slice bacon, garlic and shallots.
I462.3	Heat butter in a large saucepan. Fry bacon for approx. 3 – 5 min. until golden over medium-high heat. Add onion, garlic and mushrooms and continue to fry for approx. 4 – 6 min. until the mushrooms no longer give off any liquid. Add part of the flour and continue to cook for approx. 2 – 3 min., stirring thoroughly. Deglaze with vegetable stock and add cream. Add remaining summer savory if desired, rosemary, sugar, and nutmeg. Cook on high heat for approx. 5 – 7 min. until slightly thickened. Season to taste with salt and pepper.
I462.4	Add green beans and continue to cook for approx. 2 – 5 min.
I462.5	Heat some vegetable oil in a small saucepan over medium-high heat. Toss shallots in flour and deep fry in a small saucepan until browned and crispy. Transfer to a plate lined with paper towels and set aside. Transfer green beans and mushroom sauce to a baking dish, top with crispy shallots, and serve immediately.
R463	eggnog-cupcakes-with-marshmallow-frosting	7
I463.1	Preheat oven to 200°C/390°F. Line a muffin pan with muffin cups and set aside. In a mixing bowl, cream butter and brown sugar on high speed. Add eggs one at a time and combine well. Fold in melted, lukewarm chocolate.
I463.2	In another mixing bowl, stir together flour, cocoa powder, baking powder, and salt.
I463.3	Add flour mixture to wet ingredients and stir well. Add egg liqueur and stir briefly one more time.
I463.4	Fill each muffin cup halfway with batter and bake in oven at 200°C/390°F for approx. 16 – 18 min. Cool on a wire rack.
I463.5	Place egg white, sugar, and lemon juice in a heatproof bowl and set over a pot of simmering water. Be careful that the bowl does not touch the water. Cook for approx. 5 - 6 min., stirring often, until mixture reaches 71°C/160°F, or until sugar is dissolved. Remove from heat and continue to stir for approx. 5 - 6 min., until mixture is thick and shiny. Transfer frosting to a piping bag. In a small bowl, mix together cream pudding and egg liqueur until smooth. Set aside.
I463.6	With a knife, cut a small portion out of the center of each cupcake, remove cake, and fill with egg liqueur cream. Pipe marshmallow frosting into a high pyramid on top of each cupcake and refrigerate for approx. 30 min.
I463.7	Stir melted chocolate and vegetable oil together until smooth and let cool down for approx. 5 min. As soon as glaze is lukewarm, dip cupcakes, marshmallow frosting-first, to coat. Let dry before serving. Enjoy!
R464	brownie-cheesecake	6
I464.1	Preheat oven to 180°C/350°F. In a small saucepan, melt butter and chocolate over medium-low heat. Set aside. In a stand mixer, beat some of the eggs, milk, and part of the sugar. Add molten butter and chocolate mixture and beat until well combined. Add flour and a pinch of salt and beat until smooth.
I464.2	Grease a springform pan with some butter and dust with flour if needed. Add brownie dough and smooth out surface. Bake in the preheated oven at 180°C/350°F for approx. 25 min.
I464.3	In the meantime, add cream cheese, remaining sugar, remaining eggs, sour cream and vanilla extract to a large bowl. Whisk until smooth.
I464.4	Remove springform pan from oven and reduce temperature to 160°C/320°F. Fill cream cheese mixture into pan and smooth out surface. Return to oven and bake for approx. 50 – 55 min. until the filling has set.
I464.5	Remove cake from oven. Let cool a little before running a small, sharp knife along the inside edge of the pan. Open pan and remove sides. Once the cake has cooled, transfer to refrigerator and chill for at least 4 hrs or ideally overnight.
I464.6	Beat cream and confectioner's sugar until stiff. Spread a thin layer of whipped cream over the cake and serve garnished with fresh raspberries.
R465	the-perfect-steak	4
I465.1	Preheat the oven to 60°C (140°F). Preheat the grill. Wrap each potato in some aluminum foil and place on grill for approx. 1 hour. Turn every 20 min. to ensure even cooking.
I465.2	Drizzle olive oil on both sides of the steak and season with rosemary and thyme. Add crushed garlic cloves and precook in the oven for approx. 15 – 20 min . Remove meat from the oven, take off herbs, and grill for approx. 2 – 3 min per side. Set aside to rest for approx. 5 – 10 min.
I465.3	In the meantime, finely chop chives.
I465.4	Now, combine sour cream with finely chopped chives, zest of one lemon, and juice of half a lemon. Season with salt and pepper and serve with baked potato and steak.
R466	sloppy-joe-burger	7
I466.1	Peel the carrots, cut into walnut-sized pieces, and work into a rough paste with the food processor.
I466.2	Finely chop garlic. Cut onion, pepper, and eggplant into small cubes.
I466.3	Sauté garlic, onion, and carrots in some vegetable oil. Add pepper and eggplant and fry for 3 -5 min. Season generously with salt and pepper. Add tomato paste and continue to sauté for an additional 1 - 2 min.
I466.4	Deglaze the vegetables with the stock, and bring to a boil with a closed lid for approx 10 -15 min. until a pulp forms.
I466.5	Slice basil into fine strips. Halve cherry tomatoes.
I466.6	Add cherry tomatoes and corn to the cooked vegetables, and briefly return to a boil. Next, season with cumin, sugar, salt, and pepper. Stir in basil.
I466.7	Toast burger rolls on both sides in a pan. Put lettuce on the bottom half of the burger roll, place the vegetable mixture on top, and then add the top burger bun.
R467	halloumi-burger-with-honey-mustard-sauce	9
I467.1	Cut onions into rings. Slice Halloumi, zucchini, and eggplant.
I467.2	Add some of the vegetable oil, curry powder, salt, and pepper to a freezer bag. Seal and shake to combine. Then, add Halloumi slices. Transfer to fridge and allow to marinate for approx. 30 – 60 min.
I467.3	Heat some vegetable oil in a pan. Fry eggplant slices over medium heat on each side for approx. 3 – 5 min. until lightly roasted and soft. Season with salt and pepper. Remove from pan and set aside.
I467.4	In the same pan, fry zucchini slices for approx. 2 – 3 min. on each side until golden brown and soft. Add more oil if needed. Set aside.
I467.5	Preheat oven to 200°C (400°F). In a large bowl, whisk together mustard, sugar, and honey.
I467.6	While whisking constantly, slowly add remaining vegetable oil in a thin stream. Stir until a creamy sauce forms. Season with salt and pepper.
I467.7	Halve burger buns and place on a lined baking sheet. Toast in preheated oven at 200°C (400°F) for approx. 4 – 6 min.
I467.8	Heat vegetable oil in a frying pan over medium-high heat. Fry Halloumi cheese for approx. 2 – 3 min. on each side until lightly browned.
I467.9	Brush each burger bun with honey mustard sauce. Place radicchio on the bottom part and layer cheese, zucchini, eggplant, and onion rings on top. Pick mint leaves and place on top of vegetables. Drizzle with more sauce, cover with the upper part of the bun, and enjoy with homemade french fries!
R468	crema-catalana-with-salted-caramel-sauce	5
I468.1	Preheat the oven to 120°C/250°F. Heat (don't boil!) heavy cream with some of the sugar and vanilla seeds until the sugar has dissolved.
I468.2	Next, whisk the warm mixture into the egg yolks in a large bowl.
I468.3	Pour the mixture into brûlée tins and place these into a tall baking dish. Pour hot water into the baking dish, creating a water bath in which to cook the crème brûlée.
I468.4	Bake in a preheated oven at 120°C/250°F for approx. 60 min. Next, remove the tins from the water bath and leave to cool for 30 min. Chill for at least four hours or overnight before serving.
I468.5	Caramelize rest of the sugar in a small frying pan. Add a pinch of salt, pour in water and reduce into a sauce. Pour over the Crema Catalana to serve.
R469	duck-with-cassis-figs-and-parsnip-puree	5
I469.1	Preheat oven to 150°C/300°F. For the parsnip purée, peel parsnips and cut into medium-sized cubes. Finely dice shallots. Sauté parsnips and shallots in butter until translucent, then deglaze with white wine. Season with salt, nutmeg, and lemon juice. Add heavy cream, vegetable stock, season with pepper, and let simmer for approx. 15 min. at low heat until soft. Stir occasionally. Mash with potato masher. Set aside and keep warm.
I469.2	For cassis-figs, peel figs. Caramelize powdered sugar in a small saucepan, then deglaze with red wine and cassis syrup. Add butter, lemon zest, and let simmer at medium-high heat for approx. 10 – 15 min., until reduced. Marinate figs in cassis reduction and set aside.
I469.3	Make cross-wise incisions along the skin of the duck breasts. Be sure not to cut through the skin. Season with salt and pepper. In a large frying pan greased with vegetable oil, sear skin side of duck breasts together with rosemary and thyme over medium-high heat for approx. 1 – 2 min., or until crispy. Transfer pan to preheated oven and bake at 150°C/300°F for approx. 12 – 15 min. until cooked through but still tender and pink inside. Remove from oven, wrap in aluminum foil, and let rest for approx. 5 min.
I469.4	To serve, slice duck breast and halve figs. Arrange on serving plates together with parsnip puree, then drizzle with cassis reduction and sprinkle with thyme.
I469.5	Enjoy!
R470	french-toast	4
I470.1	Whisk egg until foamy.
I470.2	Add milk, cinnamon, and honey and continue to beat until ingredients are well combined.
I470.3	Soak each side of bread in egg mixture.
I470.4	In a frying pan, melt butter over medium heat and sauté bread for approx.  2 – 3 min. per side until golden brown. Cut diagonally and serve with maple syrup.
R471	oven-baked-sweet-potatoes	4
I471.1	Preheat oven to 200°C/400°F. Place sweet potatoes in a baking tray and pierce skin approx. 8 times with a fork. Transfer to oven and bake for approx. 35 min.
I471.2	In the meantime, thinly slice red cabbage and green onions. Remove pit and peel avocado, cut into bite-sized cubes, and drizzle with some of the lemon juice. Chop cilantro and finely slice red chili pepper. Set aside.
I471.3	For the sauce, juice remaining lemon and crush garlic. In a small bowl, combine tahini, water, lemon juice, and garlic and whisk until smooth. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Remove potatoes from oven and make a slit in the top of each. Transfer back to oven and bake for another 5 min.
I471.4	Remove potatoes from oven and top each with red cabbage, green onions, avocado, cilantro, and chili pepper. Drizzle with tahini-citrus sauce and enjoy!
R472	barbecue-pork-chops	5
I472.1	Preheat the grill. Halve and stone the apricots.
I472.2	Preheat oven to 200°C/400°F. For the barbecue sauce, combine Dijon mustard, medium-hot mustard, black beer, cider, tomato paste, brown sugar, Worcester sauce, garlic clove and pepper in a pan. Bring to a slow boil and let it reduce by half. Season generously with salt.
I472.3	Rub pork chops with olive oil on both sides. Season with salt and pepper.
I472.4	Sear pork chops for approx. 2 – 3 min. on each side on the hot grill.
I472.5	Transfer chops into an ovenproof pan and brush generously with barbecue sauce. Add apricots and walnuts and finish cooking in the oven for approx. 10 – 15 min. at 200°C/400°F until apricots have softened. Season with salt and pepper and serve with a fresh summer salad.
R473	easy-fruit-and-nut-bread	3
I473.1	Preheat oven to 170°C/335°F.  Roughly chop walnuts and cranberries.
I473.2	Add flour, baking powder, walnuts, cranberries, yogurt, eggs, salt, and milk to a stand mixer. Beat for approx. 2 – 3 min. until a smooth dough forms.
I473.3	On a floured surface, knead dough and shape into a log. Cut loaf crosswise several times. Transfer to a lined baking sheet and bake in a preheated oven at 170°C/335°F for approx. 40 – 45 min. until the crust is crispy and golden brown. Enjoy!
R474	fluffy-plum-streusel-cake	5
I474.1	Preheat the oven to 180°C/350°F. Halve plums and remove pits.
I474.2	Add part of the butter and part of the sugar to a stand mixer and beat until light and fluffy. Add eggs and beat until well incorporated. Add part of the flour and baking powder. Beat until a smooth dough has formed.
I474.3	Transfer dough onto a lined baking sheet, spreading it out evenly to create a smooth surface.
I474.4	In a large bowl, mix remaining butter, sugar, flour, and vanilla sugar into coarse crumbles with your fingers.
I474.5	Arrange plum halves on the dough in overlapping rows, cut side facing up. Sprinkle a thick layer of crumbles on top of the cake and bake in preheated oven at 180°C/350°F for approx. 1 h. Dust with confectioner’s sugar before serving and enjoy with whipped cream or vanilla ice cream, if desired.
R475	grilled-banana-with-chocolate	2
I475.1	Zest lemon and orange and juice both. Mix the juices with brown sugar. Preheat the grill. Roughly chop chocolate.
I475.2	Grill bananas in their skin until they are black on the outside and soft on the inside. Make a lengthwise incision and fill with chocolate. Grill for another 5 min. Drizzle some of the sugar mixture on top and serve hot with a scoop of vanilla ice cream.
R476	classic-spaghetti-carbonara	5
I476.1	Bring large pot of generously salted water to a boil. Add spaghetti and cook until al dente, approx. 7–9 min, or according to package instructions. Reserve about 120 ml/0.5 cup pasta water, and drain. In a large serving bowl, whisk together egg yolks, a few grinds of black pepper, and cheese.
I476.2	Sauté pancetta until crisp and fat is rendered.
I476.3	Toss pasta in skillet with pancetta until it's coated in its fat.
I476.4	Transfer pasta along with half of the reserved pasta water to serving bowl with egg mixture, mixing everything together quickly so that the eggs don’t scramble. Toss until the mixture turns creamy and thick, adding more pasta water as needed.
I476.5	Season to taste with salt and black pepper and serve garnished with more cheese.
R477	poached-chicken-and-avocado-sandwich	4
I477.1	In a large saucepan, bring chicken stock and bay leaf to a boil and then reduce to a simmer. Add chicken breast to saucepan and poach for approx. 5 – 10 min. until cooked through. Remove from saucepan and allow to cool.
I477.2	Cut red onion, bell pepper, and avocado into thin strips.
I477.3	Toast bread slices on a grill pan over medium heat for approx. 1 – 2 min. per side.
I477.4	Cut chicken into strips. On one slice of bread, layer lettuce, chicken, avocado, bell pepper, and onion. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Generously spread cream cheese over second piece of toast and place on top. Cut sandwich diagonally and serve with sweet chili sauce!
R478	potato-dumplings	7
I478.1	Peel potatoes and halve large ones.
I478.2	Transfer potatoes to a large saucepan. Cover with water, add some salt, and bring to a boil. Then reduce to a simmer and cook for approx. 20 – 30 min. until tender. Drain and set aside to cool for approx. 15 min.
I478.3	When cool enough to handle, pass potatoes through the fine holes of a ricer into a large bowl.
I478.4	Add potato flour, parts of the butter, and egg. Season with salt, pepper, and nutmeg. Then, knead by hand to form a dough.
I478.5	Take a handful of the dough (approx. 3 tablespoons each) and form into small balls by rolling each dough ball between your palms. Set aside.
I478.6	Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Carefully drop dumplings into water and reduce heat. Allow to steep for approx. 20 – 30 min. until dumplings are floating. Then, carefully remove from water with a skimmer.
I478.7	In a large frying pan, slowly heat remaining butter until light brown. Place dumplings into pan and gently toss in butter. Serve with a main course of your choice.
R479	sunset-smoothie	2
I479.1	Quarter strawberries and pick mint leaves. Cut chilled watermelon into pieces.
I479.2	Add strawberry, watermelon, lime juice, ice cubes, and mint leaves to blender. Blend until smooth for approx. 2 – 3 min. Enjoy while cold.
R480	all-american-pancakes	4
I480.1	Combine flour, baking powder, sugar, and salt and set aside.
I480.2	Beat eggs and milk together in another measuring cup, then stir in cooled melted butter until combined.
I480.3	Pour wet ingredients into dry and stir just until combined (it should look a little lumpy).
I480.4	Heat pan over medium heat and add enough butter to coat well. Pour batter onto pan in small circles; if using, sprinkle with chocolate chips. Cook until their tops bubble and bottoms turn golden brown, approx. 1 – 2 min. Flip pancake and cook for approx. 30 more sec. If needed, add more butter and adjust heat as you go to prevent sticking or burning. Serve immediately. Enjoy with more butter and a drizzle of maple syrup.
R481	pastel-de-nata	7
I481.1	Beat the egg yolks with the sugar until light and creamy.
I481.2	Mix some of the cream with the cornstarch until combined, then combine with the egg yolks. Slice open the vanilla bean with a sharp knife.
I481.3	Add the remaining cream, milk, vanilla bean seeds, and orange zest to a small saucepan. Bring to a boil over medium-low heat and then leave it to cool for approx. 5 – 10 min.
I481.4	Add a small amount of the warm vanilla cream to the egg yolk mixture, whisking constantly, then gradually add the rest. Transfer the mixture back into the saucepan.
I481.5	Reheat the mixture over low heat, whisking constantly, until it thickens. Transfer to a clean bowl, cover with plastic, and set aside to cool. Preheat oven to 240°C / 460°F. Butter the muffin cups.
I481.6	Unroll the puff pastry and discard the paper. Roll the puff pastry back into a log, then cut it into 12 even pieces. Place the slices cut side-down and roll into circles large enough to fill the muffin cups. Place one circle in each cup, pressing it down in the middle and up the sides. Refrigerate for approx. 30 min.
I481.7	Pour the vanilla cream into each muffin cup until just below the rim. Bake on the middle rack of the oven at 240°C /46°F for approx. 12 – 15 min, or until the cakes are golden brown and caramelized. Enjoy!
R482	linguine-with-lobster	4
I482.1	Finely chop garlic and basil. Roughly cut lobster into bite-sized pieces.
I482.2	In a large saucepan, cook linguine in salted boiling water over medium heat for approx. 7 – 12 min. until al dente. Drain and set aside. Reserve a small amount of pasta water for step 4.
I482.3	In a large frying pan, sauté lobster in butter over medium heat for approx. 3 – 5 min.
I482.4	Add cooked pasta, a bit of pasta water, garlic, lemon juice, and basil to the lobster and stir to thoroughly combine. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Transfer to a plate for serving. Enjoy!
R483	fish-and-chips	12
I483.1	Cut cod into sticks.
I483.2	Use slicer or a sharp knife to cut potatoes into thin slices.
I483.3	Finely chop anchovy, gherkins, and green herbs.
I483.4	Add water to saucepan and bring to a boil. Cook egg in boiling water until hard boiled, approx. 8 – 10 min. Then remove from water, hold under cold water, peel, and dice. Set aside.
I483.5	For the batter, whisk together egg yolks, flour, and beer in a large bowl. Season with salt and pepper and set aside.
I483.6	For the remoulade, whisk egg yolk and mustard together.
I483.7	Gradually pour in oil in a fine stream while whisking constantly.
I483.8	Season to taste with salt and pepper. Squeeze in lemon juice and set aside.
I483.9	Add sardines, gherkins, fresh herbs, and hard-boiled egg to the remoulade and whisk to combine. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Store in fridge until ready to use.
I483.10	Heat a generous amount of vegetable oil into a small saucepan. Add potatoes and cook until golden, approx. 2 – 3 min. Remove from oil and transfer to a paper towel-lined plate.
I483.11	Dip fish sticks into batter so that they are evenly coated.
I483.12	Heat plenty of vegetable oil in a saucepan. Carefully add breaded fish to oil and continue to cook until golden, approx. 6 – 8 min. Serve immediately with remoulade.
R484	cheese-spatzle-with-fried-onions	5
I484.1	In a large bowl, vigorously stir together flour, eggs, salt, pepper, nutmeg, and water until air bubbles form in dough.
I484.2	Cut onions into thin rings. Roughly chop parsley. Shred cheese with a box grater, using the side with largest holes.
I484.3	Fill a large saucepan half full with salted water and bring to a boil over medium-high heat. Next, wet cutting board with a little boiling water and then spread a thin, even layer of dough over a cutting board. Using a pastry spatula, shave off thin strips of dough, approx. the width of a pencil, into water. Cook for approx. 1 min. or until spätzle rises to the surface. Transfer to an ice bath for approx. 20 sec. to halt cooking process and then place in a colander to drain.
I484.4	In a large frying pan, sauté onions over medium-high heat in some vegetable oil for approx. 3 – 5 min. Add spätzle and continue to cook for approx. 5 – 10 min. until crispy and golden brown.
I484.5	Add shredded cheese to pan and cook for approx. 2 – 4 min. until cheese is melted. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Garnish with freshly chopped parsley. Enjoy!
R485	banana-mango-and-chia-smoothie	4
I485.1	Peel mango and banana. Slice mango off the pit and cut banana into chunks.
I485.2	Add mango, banana, ice cubes, water, and chia seeds to blender.
I485.3	Blend all of the ingredients on high speed for approx. 2 – 3 min. until smooth.
I485.4	Enjoy straightaway!
R486	red-white-and-blue-trifle	5
I486.1	Place ladyfingers into a freezer bag. Tightly seal bag and crush roughly with a rolling pin.
I486.2	In a large bowl, mix together cream cheese, buttermilk, three-quarters of the confectioner’s sugar, and some lemon juice. Stir thoroughly until well-incorporated.
I486.3	Leave blueberries whole and set aside. Roughly chop mint. Quarter strawberries.
I486.4	Using a hand blender, blend together one quarter of the strawberries with the remainder of the powdered sugar and the lemon juice until pureed. In a large bowl, add puree to quartered strawberries and mint. Stir well to combine.
I486.5	Line the bottom of a separate large bowl with some of the ladyfinger pieces. Then, continue to layer the cake as follows: cream cheese mixture, strawberry puree, cream cheese mixture, ladyfinger crumbs, strawberry puree, and cream cheese mixture. Finally, garnish the trifle with an even layer of blueberries. Leave in the refrigerator for 1 h to rest before serving.
R487	pumpkin-soup-with-mediterranean-muffins	6
I487.1	Preheat oven to 180°C/350°F. For the muffins, halve cherry tomatoes, cut Prosciutto into small pieces and grate Parmesan. In a large bowl, combine Parmesan, flour, herbs, and baking powder. Add yogurt, olive oil, milk, and eggs and mix to form a smooth batter.
I487.2	Grease muffin pan, if needed. Place half of the batter in muffin cups, top with half of the tomatoes and Prosciutto. Cover with remaining batter and place remaining tomatoes and Prosciutto on top. Bake for approx. 20 – 25 min. at 180°C/350°F until golden brown.
I487.3	For the soup, deseed and cube pumpkin. Cook in a slotted steaming container for approx. 8 min. at 100°C/200°F.
I487.4	Dice onions and crush garlic. Place in an unslotted steaming container along with some butter, cover with aluminium foil, and cook for approx. 4 min. at 100°C/200°F until translucent.
I487.5	Heat up vegetable stock in a large saucepan. Add cooked pumpkin, onion, garlic, orange juice, and zest. Blend until smooth.
I487.6	Stir in cream and thyme. Season with salt and pepper. Serve together with Mediterranean muffins. Enjoy!
R488	chicken-wings	4
I488.1	Mix mustard, vegetable oil, soy sauce, tabasco, white wine vinegar, tomato paste, brown sugar, paprika, crushed garlic, salt, and pepper to create the marinade.
I488.2	Next, marinate the chicken wings. Leave covered and chilled for at least 2 hours or overnight to allow the flavors to sink in.
I488.3	Preheat the oven to 180°C/355°F. Now, take the marinated chicken wings, allowing any surplus marinade to drip off, and put on a baking rack or a baking sheet lined with parchment paper.
I488.4	Bake in a preheated oven at 180°C/355°F for approx. 30 min until golden. Turn the wings after 15 min., so that they can brown evenly on both sides. Serve with a variety of dips, as desired.
R489	virgin-margarita	2
I489.1	Add agave nectar, lemon juice, lime juice, orange juice, and ice cubes to a cocktail shaker. Shake vigorously for approx. 30 sec.
I489.2	Pour into a sugar rimmed martini glass for serving.
R490	couscous-summer-salad	3
I490.1	Dice onion. Finely slice garlic. Fry onion and garlic in part of the olive oil for approx. 5 min. on medium heat. Stir in tomato paste and fry briefly. Add couscous, pour in boiling water, and set aside to soak and cool down.
I490.2	Quarter tomatoes. Chop arugula roughly, and basil finely. Quarter olives. Crumble feta.
I490.3	Season couscous with salt, pepper, lemon juice, and remaining olive oil. Add tomatoes, olives, basil and half of the arugula, and combine. Place salad on top of the remaining arugula. Top with crumbled feta.
R491	pecan-pie	5
I491.1	To make the crust, combine the flour and salt in the bowl of a food processor. Pulse to combine, then add butter and pulse until butter breaks up into the size of almonds. Add water, a tablespoon at a time, and pulse until it comes together as a dough. Form dough into a disc, wrap in plastic, and refrigerate for at least one hour before rolling out.
I491.2	On a lightly floured surface, roll pie crust out into a large circle approx. 30 cm/12 in. in diameter. Transfer to pie plate, trim and fold under any excess dough, and crimp. Preheat oven to 200°C/400°F. Prick crust all over with a fork, then stick in the freezer for approx. 15 min. Cover pie crust with aluminum foil and fill with pie weights. Bake for approx. 20 min., then remove pie weights and continue to bake until it just starts to turn golden brown, approx. 5 more min. Set aside to cool.
I491.3	To make filling, whisk together sugar, maple syrup, vanilla, salt, and cinnamon. Add eggs and whisk until smooth.
I491.4	Melt butter in a small saucepan over medium heat, stirring often until butter browns and is fragrant. Pour butter slowly into sugar mixture and whisk until combined. Stir in orange zest and pecans, then pour filling into pie crust.
I491.5	If desired, garnish the top of the pie with more pecans, arranged in concentric circles, for a more refined look. Turn oven temperature down to 175°C/350°F and bake pie for approx. 45 – 55 min., or until the filling is firm to the touch but still jiggles slightly. Let cool to room temperature before serving. Serve with vanilla ice cream or whipped cream. Enjoy!
R492	cosmopolitan	2
I492.1	Briefly place martini glass in freezer until lightly frosted. In a cocktail shaker, add Cointreau, cranberry juice, lime juice, vodka, and ice cubes. Shake vigorously for approx. 30 sec.
I492.2	Rub the rim with lime peel. Strain into martini glass and serve with lime peel as garnish. Enjoy!
R493	red-cabbage-and-apple-pie	12
I493.1	For the dough, add butter, water, and milk to a saucepan. Season with nutmeg and a pinch of salt. Heat the mixture until the butter has melted.
I493.2	In a standing mixer, or using a hand mixer with dough hooks, mix flour and warm milk mixture for approx. 6 - 10 min. until a smooth dough forms.
I493.3	Cover the dough and leave to cool for approx. 30 min.
I493.4	Preheat oven to 160°C/320°F. For the filling, quarter shallots and finely mince garlic. Cut apple, bell pepper, tomato, and carrot into small dice.
I493.5	Now, sauté shallots, garlic, bell pepper and carrot in some vegetable oil until slightly tender. Then, add tomato, apple, red cabbage, and pine nuts and continue sauteing for approx. 3 – 5 min. Season with some cinnamon, salt, and pepper.
I493.6	Add vegetable stock, Worcester sauce, and barbecue sauce to the pan. Let simmer for another 3 min.
I493.7	In the meantime, dissolve cornstarch in a bit of water and stir into sautéed vegetables until the sauce has thickened. This filling needs to be rather thick.
I493.8	Now, on a lightly floured surface roll out two thirds of the dough into a large round to form the bottom of the pie. Roll out the remaining third into another round to form the top of the pie. Both rounds should be approx. 0.5cm thick.
I493.9	Fit larger round into a greased tart baking dish. A dish with a removable bottom works best. Remove the overhanging edges. Use a fork to lightly prick the bottom of the crust.
I493.10	Now, transfer the prepared filing into the crust and smooth out the top.
I493.11	Cover the pie with the prepared top crust. Trim the excess leaving an overhang of approx. 1cm. Crimp overhang to seal the pie.
I493.12	If desired, use the remaining dough to cut out ornaments for garnishing. Cut out a small whole in the middle of the top to enable steam to release during baking. Brush pie with egg yolk and bake in preheated oven at 160°C/320°F until golden brown and enjoy.
R494	thai-chicken-noodle-soup	7
I494.1	Lightly smash lemon grass. Peel ginger and grate finely. Peel garlic and remove the green sprout if necessary and chop finely.
I494.2	Heat up peanut oil and add garlic and ginger to roast. Add soy sauce and oyster sauce and fill with chicken stock. Add lemon grass and kaffir lime leaves and bring everything to a boil.
I494.3	Cut celery into sticks and the carrot into walnut-sized pieces. Cut the chicken breast into pieces twice as large.
I494.4	Next, add the celery, carrots, and chicken to the stock and cook on low heat for approx. 5 - 10 min. until fully cooked.
I494.5	Meanwhile, soak rice noodles in hot water, according to the package instructions.
I494.6	Cut green onions into fine rings. Then, cut the stalks off enoki mushrooms and finely chop cilantro.
I494.7	Drain rice noodles and add to the soup, along with the green onions, enoki mushrooms, and cilantro. Serve immediately, so that the mushrooms keep their bite and the cilantro keeps its color.
R495	moscow-mule	3
I495.1	Cut cucumber into slices.
I495.2	Fill a copper mug half full with ice. Add vodka and stir. Juice lime into mug. Finally, pour in ginger beer.
I495.3	Add cucumbers to mug and garnish with mint leaves.
R496	simple-lemon-poppy-seed-muffins	6
I496.1	Preheat oven to 180°C/350°F. Zest half of the lemons and juice all of them.
I496.2	Beat butter, sugar, and vanilla sugar with a hand mixer until pale and foamy.
I496.3	Then, whisk in eggs one by one until fully incorporated.
I496.4	Sift flour, baking powder, and salt into separate bowl. Add to butter mixture and whisk until a smooth dough forms.
I496.5	Add lemon zest, lemon juice, and poppy seeds to dough and stir in evenly.
I496.6	Scoop dough into muffin pan. The muffin pan should either be greased or lined with muffin liners. Bake in preheated oven at 180°C/350°F for approx. 20 - 25 min. until golden.
R497	pumpkin-spice-cheesecake	12
I497.1	To prepare pumpkin purée, deseed and cut Hokkaido pumpkin into pieces. Place in a Dutch oven along with some water. Steam over medium heat with lid slightly cracked until soft, approx. 25 min.
I497.2	Purée pumpkin and place in a fine strainer to drain.
I497.3	Preheat oven to 180°C/350°F. Lightly grease the cake pan with butter. Combine flour, cornstarch, baking soda, baking powder, salt, and spices.
I497.4	Beat butter and sugar until creamy. Add some of the eggs, vanilla extract, and some of the cooled pumpkin purée. Mix until combined.
I497.5	Gently fold dry ingredients into wet ingredients until combined. Transfer batter to cake pan and bake at 180°C/350°F for approx. 20 – 22 min., or until the base bounces back when pressure is applied. Leave to cool on a cooling rack.
I497.6	To make the filling, beat cream cheese and sugar on low speed until combined. Add eggs one at a time and continue mixing until incorporated.
I497.7	Add sour cream, starch, and Bailey’s Pumpkin Spice to mixture. Continue to beat on low speed until evenly incorporated.
I497.8	Wrap the baking form in 2 sheets of aluminum foil. Bring some of the water to a boil. Reduce the oven temperature to 160°C/320°F.
I497.9	Spread filling evenly over cheesecake base.
I497.10	Place cake pan into a deep baking dish and fill with approx. 2 cm./1 in. of boiling water so that the bottom of the pan is submerged. Bake on lowest rack of oven at 160°C/320°F for approx. 50 min. Check on the cheesecake after 30 min. and cover with parchment paper if the top of the cake is getting too dark. When cake is done baking, remove the aluminum foil from the pan. Run a thin knife around the edge of cake to loosen it and prevent it from cracking as it cools. Leave to cool on a rack for approx. 2 hours. Transfer to refrigerator and chill for a minimum of 6 hours before serving.
I497.11	To make chocolate sauce, combine remaining water, sugar, syrup, unsweetened cocoa powder, and chopped chocolate in a small saucepan over medium heat. Stir constantly until melted and combined. Remove from the heat and add Bailey's Pumpkin Spice.
I497.12	Allow the sauce to cool to room temperature. To serve, slice cheesecake and drizzle sauce over each piece. The sauce will keep for approx. 2 weeks when stored in an airtight container and refrigerated. Enjoy!
R498	smoky-mushroom-goulash-with-bread-dumplings	11
I498.1	Preheat oven to 200°C/390°F. Peel onions and cut into rings. Peel and dice potatoes. Peel garlic cloves. Clean mushrooms, cut king oyster mushrooms in half, and finely slice oyster mushrooms.
I498.2	Heat oil for frying in large pot and add onion rings. Sauté over high heat for approx. 5 min. Add diced potatoes.
I498.3	Add king oyster mushrooms and oyster mushrooms. Keep roasting for approx. 5 min. more.
I498.4	Deglaze with redwine and let liquid reduce for approx. 5 min. Add garlic and porcini. Season with marjoram, caraway, thyme, paprika, red pepper, raw cane sugar, lemon zest, and salt and roast together for approx. 2 min. Afterwards, add vegetable stock. Transfer pot with lid to the oven and roast for approx. 90 min. Stir every 30 min., then season with salt and pepper when done cooking.
I498.5	In a small saucepan, heat up almond-spelt milk and season with nutmeg, salt, and pepper.
I498.6	Transfer dumpling bread to a large bowl and pour heated almond-spelt milk over it.
I498.7	Peel and finely cut onion. Heat oil in a large frying pan, add onions and sauté until caramelized. Chop parsley and add to pan. Fold mixture into bread dumplings. Let rest for approx. 10 min., then stir again and let rest for approx. 10 min. more. In the meantime, prepare “flax egg”: Mix light flax seed flour and remaining almond-spelt milk in a small bowl and set aside for approx. 10 min. Along with corn starch, lupine flour, and breadcrumbs, stir flax egg into bread dumpling dough. If the dough is too sticky, add some more flour and breadcrumbs. If it is too dry, add some more almond milk.
I498.8	In a large saucepan, bring water to boil and add salt. Turn down heat until the water is hot but does not bubble anymore. Slightly wet hands and form a ball the size of a golf ball out of dumpling dough. Transfer first test dumpling to the saucepan. If it falls apart, add more flour and breadcrumbs to the dough.
I498.9	When test dumpling succeeds, form balls out of remaining dough and place them on a baking sheet lined with parchment paper. Add all bread dumplings to saucepan, being careful to arrange them so that they don’t lie on top of each other. Let them simmer for approx. 20 min. Pay attention that water doesn’t boil again.
I498.10	Serve goulash with fresh parsley and bread dumplings. Add cashew cream if desired.
I498.11	This and many more recipes can be found in Sebastian Copien´s cookbook 'Die vegane Kochschule' (Christian Verlag).
R499	arctic-char-with-winter-aromas	9
I499.1	Fillet and remove bones from the arctic char.
I499.2	Slice ginger and split and scrape vanilla bean; peel orange. Lightly toast bay leaves, juniper berries, coriander, cardamom, star anise, and cinnamon in a dry frying pan, then add orange peel and ginger and toss. Transfer to a mortar and lightly crush. Transfer to a large container along with salt, brown sugar, and vanilla seeds and bean. Toss to combine.
I499.3	Coat fish in the spice mixture, cover with plastic wrap, and let marinate for approx. 1 – 1.5 hrs.
I499.4	To make the beetroot reduction, mince shallots. Heat a saucepan over medium heat and add lime-olive oil. Add shallots, and sauté until fragrant. Add brown sugar, bay leaf, and cinnamon and cook until the sugar is caramelized. Deglaze sugar with orange juice and gently simmer for approx. 5 – 10 min. Add beetroot juice and continue to simmer until it is reduced by half, approx. 15 – 20 min. Strain through a sieve into a new saucepan over low heat. Combine cornstarch and water in a small bowl to make a slurry, then add some of it to the beetroot reduction to thicken. Season with salt and sugar to taste, then add the juice of the lime. Set aside.
I499.5	Preheat oven to 170°C/350°F. Finely chop walnuts. Combine the butter, flour, sugar, and salt together with walnuts to make a crumble. Spread over a baking sheet lined with parchment paper. Bake for approx. 10 – 12 min. until the crumbles are golden brown and crisp. Set aside to cool.
I499.6	For the citrus salad, wash and dry the oranges, lemons, and lime. Peel oranges, lemons, and lime and fillet; set aside. Squeeze juice from the remaining piths into a small bowl.
I499.7	Add brown sugar and lime-olive oil to a saucepan over medium-low heat and caramelize. Add orange juice and fresh citrus juice to the pan and simmer until the mixture is reduced by half; add some of the slurry to thicken. Remove from heat. Stir in citrus filets and zest, then season with salt and honey to taste.
I499.8	Remove fish from marinade and rinse in a water bath.
I499.9	Cut into bite-sized pieces, and arrange 3 per plate, alternating with citrus filets. Top with walnut crumble and garnish with chervil, sorrel, and the red beet reduction.
R500	wedding-cake	9
I500.1	Preheat the oven to 175°C/350°F. Butter cake pans, line bottoms with parchment, and dust with flour, dusting off any excess. Combine milk, some of the egg whites, and some of the vanilla bean seeds; whisk until blended.
I500.2	Whisk together flour, sugar, baking powder, and salt. On low speed, gradually add some of the butter and mix until it resembles moist crumbs. Add half of the milk mixture and beat on medium speed for approx. 2 minutes. Add second half and beat for approx. 1 minute longer. Scrape down sides of bowl, then beat mixture for approx. 30 more seconds.
I500.3	Divide batter evenly between the 8-inch/20-cm pans. Bake for approx. 30 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted into center of cake comes out clean. Let cool for approx. 10 minutes before turning out onto cooling rack. Allow to cool completely before removing parchment paper from the bottom of cakes and wrapping tightly in plastic wrap. Chill in refrigerator for at least 30 minutes or up to 5 days; or store in freezer for up to 2 weeks. Make batter two more times, each time baking one 6-inch/15-cm and one 10-inch/25-cm cake together. The 6-inch/15-cm cakes will bake for approx. 20 minutes, and the 10-inch/25-cm cakes will bake for approx. 40 minutes.
I500.4	To make buttercream, fill pot with a few inches of water and bring to a slow simmer. In heat proof bowl or bowl of stand mixer, combine egg whites and sugar. Place bowl over pot of simmering water. Heat mixture, stirring constantly, until the mixture reaches 70°C/160°F or the sugar is completely dissolved. Transfer bowl to stand mixer or use hand mixer to beat egg whites, gradually increasing speed, until they form stiff peaks and bowl and meringue have cooled to the touch. With mixer running, add vanilla, then add butter gradually, until all is incorporated and buttercream is light and smooth. This can take time; continue to beat until it comes together. Make the buttercream recipe one more time. Store in airtight container if not using immediately, though fresh buttercream is best for decorating.
I500.5	Assemble each tier: level each cake by slicing off a thin, even layer off top to create a level surface. Cut each cake in half so each tier has four layers. For each tier, smear a dab of buttercream onto corresponding cake board. Place first layer of cake down on top of cake board, then spread thin layer of jam onto it. Place next layer of cake on top and spread a layer of buttercream on top. Continue until tier is complete and place in refrigerator to chill. Repeat with each tier.
I500.6	Apply a crumb coat to each tier by spreading a thin layer of buttercream over the tops and sides. Scrape and clean spatula as you go to prevent spreading more crumbs into buttercream. Place tiers in refrigerator for at least 30 minutes to firm up before proceeding.
I500.7	When tiers are firm, frost each with final layer of buttercream in the style you prefer. Return tiers to refrigerator to firm up for at least an hour or up to 24 hours. When tiers are firm, prepare to insert straw dowels: Measure and mark the 10-inch/25-cm tier by centering an empty 8-inch/20-cm cake pan over it and pressing down gently to mark where that tier will go. Do the same with an empty 6-inch/15-cm pan over the 8-inch/20-cm tier.
I500.8	Just inside the marks on the 10-inch/25-cm tier, insert straws (or wooden dowels) at 12-, 3-, 6-, and 9-o’clock positions. Mark where cake meets straw, then remove it and trim just below the mark so that it disappears when reinserted in cake. Push straws back into cake. Repeat process with 8-inch/20-cm tier, using 3 straws at 12-, 4-, and 8-o’clock positions. Use buttercream to smooth over holes.
I500.9	To finish cake, place cake board onto cake turntable. Dollop a tablespoon of buttercream onto board and center 10-inch/25-cm tier on top. Dollop another tablespoon of buttercream on top of that tier, and use your hand and an offset spatula to gently lower the 8-inch/20-cm tier on top, making sure that it’s centered. Repeat with 6-inch/15-cm tier. Use piping bag to fill seams between tiers either with tiny dots to resemble pearls or a star tip to create a ribbon around cake. Decorate with fresh flowers or as you prefer, transfer to serving plate, and enjoy!
R501	the-burger	5
I501.1	Preheat the grill. Slice onion into thin rings. Gently sauté half of the onions in some olive oil. Season with salt and pepper.
I501.2	Season ground beef with some pepper to taste and form into burger patties with damp hands. Create a small well in the middle to prevent the burger from puffing up during cooking.
I501.3	Place patties on the hot grill and cook for approx. 4 – 5 min. per side, depending on the thickness. Place a slice of cheddar cheese on each patty and let it melt for a minute.
I501.4	Cut tomato and cucumber into slices. Cut the burger buns lengthwise and butter if desired.
I501.5	Assemble burger with grilled patties, tomato and cucumber slices, raw onion slices, sautéed onions, iceberg lettuce, ketchup, and mayonnaise. Enjoy!
R502	pulled-pork-sandwiches	9
I502.1	Preheat oven to 150°C/300°F. Slice bacon. Finely chop garlic and dice onion.
I502.2	Preheat a large saucepan over medium heat. Add bacon and sauté for approx. 3 - 5 min. Add chopped garlic, onions, and fennel seeds and continue to sauté for approx. 3 - 4 min. Season with salt and pepper.
I502.3	Deglaze pan with apple juice. Add Worcestershire sauce, balsamic vinegar, ketchup, and whiskey. Bring to a boil, reduce heat, and let simmer until reduced by a third. Stir occasionally. Then, remove from heat and allow to cool.
I502.4	In the meantime, roughly chop cilantro.
I502.5	Stir chopped cilantro into sauce.
I502.6	Season with lemon juice, salt, and pepper. Stir in butter.
I502.7	Using a hand blender, blend until smooth.
I502.8	Place pork neck into a casserole dish and brush all sides with barbecue sauce. Roast in preheated oven at 150°C/300°F for approx. 6 - 8 hrs until tender. Turn and brush with more barbecue sauce every hour. Then, remove from oven and shred into small pieces using two forks.
I502.9	Preheat a grill pan over medium heat. Grill buns for approx. 1 - 2 min. on each side. Place shredded pork onto the bun. Serve topped with cabbage, pickles, and sour cream.
R503	matcha-spinach-and-kiwi-smoothie	2
I503.1	Roughly chop spinach. Peel kiwi and cut into small pieces. Core apple and cut into small pieces.
I503.2	Add apple, kiwi, spinach, agave nectar, mint, matcha powder, and water to blender. Blend for approx. 1 – 2 min. until smooth. Enjoy!
R504	hot-chickpea-soup	5
I504.1	Halve cherry tomatoes. Cut carrot and celery into bite-sized pieces. Thinly slice onion and green onion. Quarter lemon. Roughly chop mint and cilantro.
I504.2	In a large saucepan, bring chickpeas and water to a boil and cook for approx. 5 – 10 min.
I504.3	Add canned tomatoes, turmeric, cinnamon, and harissa to pan. Juice lemon into pan. Season to taste with salt and pepper.
I504.4	Using a hand blender, briefly puree soup to thicken it slightly.
I504.5	Add tomatoes, carrots, green onions, red onions, cilantro, mint, and celery to soup. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Allow to simmer for approx. 3 – 5 min. until the vegetables are firm to the bite. Enjoy with a dollop of homemade crème fraîche or some soy yoghurt as a vegan option!
R505	udon-noodle-soup	7
I505.1	Cut beef into thin strips.
I505.2	Cut sugar snap peas in half and carrot into bite-sized pieces. Roughly chop cilantro and cut spinach into large strips. Cut enoki mushrooms just above the root and quarter shiitakes.
I505.3	Cook noodles in salted boiling water, according to package instructions, for approx. 8 - 10 min. Drain and set aside.
I505.4	In a large saucepan, bring stock to a boil, add miso paste, and stir well to combine.
I505.5	Add chopped mushrooms and carrot to broth and cook for approx. 5 min.
I505.6	In a frying pan, sauté beef in some vegetable oil over medium-high heat for approx. 4 - 6 min. until seared and brown on all sides.
I505.7	Add sautéed beef, cooked udon noodles, halved sugar snap peas, Chinese spinach, and chopped cilantro to broth. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Enjoy!
R506	quick-chocolate-treat	3
I506.1	Put all of the ingredients in a bowl and mix well with a whisk or a fork until well combined.
I506.2	Distribute the mixture into two coffee mugs or three baking tins.
I506.3	Place the cups in the microwave and cook at 700 Watt for approx. 2 - 3 min. Serve the mini desserts with whipped cream or ice cream.
R507	cantonese-style-white-boiled-shrimp	3
I507.1	Peel and julienne ginger and slice bell pepper and scallions. Set aside.
I507.2	Bring a large pot of water to a boil; add wine if using. Add shrimp and cook until they turn white, approx. 2 min. Drain and set aside.
I507.3	Heat up some oil in a frying pan. Add ginger and sauté until fragrant. Add light soy sauce and oyster sauce, mix to combine, and simmer for approx. 1 – 2 more min. Serve shrimp topped with bell pepper, scallions, and dipping sauce. Enjoy!
R508	fluffy-buttermilk-pancakes	4
I508.1	Whisk egg in a mixing bowl until foamy.
I508.2	Add oil, maple syrup, and butter milk and continue whisking.
I508.3	Mix flour, baking powder, and a pinch of salt in a separate bowl and then gently fold into the liquid butter milk mixture. Let stand for approx. 15 – 20 min.
I508.4	Drop batter into skillet and cook on medium heat until golden-brown (approx. 2 – 3 min. per side, with a diameter of approx. 7cm). Serve with homemade jam or powedered sugar.
R509	paleo-power-coffee	5
I509.1	Grind coffee beans.
I509.2	Prepare fresh coffee according to your preferred method using filtered water and a stovetop espresso pot or a French press.
I509.3	Combine coconut oil and ghee, as well as cinnamon and maple syrup if desired, in a small mixing bowl.
I509.4	Pour hot coffee over the coconut oil mixture.
I509.5	Use a hand blender or a milk frother to blend until creamy and frothy. Transfer to a coffee mug and enjoy!
R510	chocolate-coconut-bites	3
I510.1	Heat oven to 180°C/350°F and toast coconut flakes on a baking sheet, stirring in the middle of baking time, until golden brown, approx. 10 min. Meanwhile, add walnuts to a food processor and blend until pulverized.
I510.2	Add some of the toasted coconut flakes, cocoa powder, coconut oil, stevia, and a pinch of salt to food processor and blend until fully combined. Transfer mixture to a large bowl and refrigerate for approx. 1 hr. until firm.
I510.3	Take small portions of the dough (approx. 1.5 tbsp.) and roll each into a little ball. Sprinkle balls with remaining toasted coconut flakes and chocolate sprinkles. Enjoy!
R511	23	3
I511.1	Steep Earl Grey tea with rum for approx. 3 – 5 min.
I511.2	In a cocktail shaker, mix together lemon juice, vanilla syrup, pink grapefruit juice, orange juice, and ice cubes. Shake vigorously for approx. 1 min. Strain twice.
I511.3	Pour into a cup of your choice, serving the drink on ice. Garnish with thin slices of lime, orange and some raspberries.
R512	creamy-indian-curry-with-chicken-breast	5
I512.1	Cook basmati rice in salted boiling water according to the package instructions. Drain and set aside.
I512.2	Chop ginger, finely dice onion and slice pepper into strips. Cut chicken breast into small pieces.
I512.3	Fry chicken in a large frying pan with peanut oil. As soon as it is slightly browned, add ginger, onion, and pepper and continue to sauté.
I512.4	Add curry paste, turmeric, and coconut milk. Drain the chickpeas and add to the pan, along with the smashed lemongrass. Slowly bring to a boil.
I512.5	When a thick sauce has formed, finely chop cilantro and fold into the sauce. Season with salt and pepper.
R513	bavarian-sausage-salad	5
I513.1	Finely chop chives. Cut meat into fine strips and red onions into fine rings. Cut pickles into thin slices.
I513.2	In a measuring cup, mix pickle juice and white wine vinegar.
I513.3	In a large bowl, whisk together vegetable oil and sweet mustard.
I513.4	Combine both mixtures while stirring with a whisk. Season to taste with salt, pepper and sugar.
I513.5	In a large bowl, combine meat, red onion, and pickles. Add dressing to the salad and mix thoroughly. Garnish with chives.
R514	mexican-chicken-and-rice-casserole	5
I514.1	Dice chicken breasts into large pieces. Mince garlic and cilantro, cut bell peppers into strips, and finely chop scallions.
I514.2	Heat half of the vegetable oil in a large skillet over high heat. Add chicken pieces and sauté for approx. 5 – 7 min. until golden. Transfer to a plate and set aside.
I514.3	Heat other half of vegetable oil and add scallions and garlic. Sauté until soft and fragrant for approx 1 - 2 min. Then, add bell pepper. Continue to sauté and add corn, chicken stock, and enchilada sauce. Season with salt and pepper.
I514.4	Bring to a simmer and add rice. Cover and cook on medium-low heat for approx. 15 min. for white rice and 30 min. for brown rice until rice is al dente and most of the liquid absorbed. Preheat oven to 180°C/350°F and turn on the top heat, or set the broiler to high.
I514.5	Shred chicken and combine with rice. Spread cheese on top, place skillet in the oven, and broil for approx. 5 - 10 min., or until cheese begins to melt. Garnish with cilantro and enjoy!
R515	chicken-fricassee-with-young-vegetables	6
I515.1	Quarter mushrooms. Cut carrot and kohlrabi into hazelnut-sized pieces. Finely chop shallot. Cut chicken breasts into bite-sized pieces.
I515.2	Place mushrooms, chopped shallot, carrot, kohlrabi and chicken breast into a deep frying pan with the bay leaf, allspice, and pepper corns. Fill up with chicken stock and boil with lid closed for approx. 5 min.
I515.3	Meanwhile, finely chop parsley.
I515.4	Drain cooked vegetables and chicken. Save the stock. Pick out the spices. Melt butter in the same pan. Gradually add the flour and heat for approx 2 min., stirring continuously.
I515.5	Add the stock from step 4, as well as the heavy cream, to the roux. Put the vegetables and the chicken back into the pan. Now, add the peas and bring to a boil.
I515.6	Next, stir in the chopped parsley and serve warm with rice.
R516	vegan-chickpea-burger	8
I516.1	Heat a nonstick pan over medium heat and toast walnuts until fragrant, approx. 3 – 5 min.; transfer to plate to cool.
I516.2	Chop shallots. In the same hot pan over medium heat, add vegetable oil and shallots. Sauté until shallots soften and become fragrant, approx. 2 – 3 min. Transfer to another plate to cool.
I516.3	In a food processor, blend cooled walnuts with spices and a pinch of salt and pepper until finely ground.
I516.4	Add cooked rice, shallots, cilantro, panko, tomato paste, and chickpeas. Pulse until combined but not smooth to retain a bit of texture. Taste and adjust seasonings.
I516.5	Divide into burger patties.
I516.6	Heat grill or grill pan over medium heat and coat lightly with oil. When hot, grill burgers for approx. 2 – 3 min. per side, flipping them carefully and adjusting heat as necessary so they don’t brown too quickly. If you’re using a grill, close lid.
I516.7	Meanwhile, mix together ketchup, mayonnaise, and a dash of hot sauce to taste and set aside.
I516.8	Slice other toppings and set them on a serving plate. Transfer burgers to a platter and toast buns. Serve burgers on buns topped with lettuce, cucumber, tomato slices, and sauce as desired.
R517	quick-chocolate-croissant	5
I517.1	Roll out puff pastry and cut into long triangles.
I517.2	Preheat oven to 170°C (350°F). Evenly distribute hazelnut spread among puff pastry triangles, taking care to leave space around the edges.
I517.3	Sprinkle almonds on top of hazelnut spread.
I517.4	Roll the puff pastry forward, starting from the bottom.
I517.5	Whisk egg. Place the croissants onto a baking paper-lined baking sheet and lightly brush with egg. Transfer to oven and bake for approx. 8 – 10 min. until golden brown. Enjoy for breakfast or as a afternoon treat.
R518	stuffed-serrano-wrapped-chicken	5
I518.1	Preheat the grill. Finely slice mushrooms. Drain sun-dried tomatoes and cut into strips.
I518.2	With your fingers, carefully loosen the skin of the chicken breast and place some of the sliced mushrooms and sun-dried tomatoes underneath it.
I518.3	For the pesto, pick basil, parsley, rosemary, and thyme leaves. Peel and crush garlic clove. Puree everything in a food processor with olive oil, salt and pepper.
I518.4	Cover stuffed chicken breasts with pesto on both sides. Tightly wrap two slices of Serrano ham around each chicken breast.
I518.5	Grill chicken for approx. 3 – 4 min. turning occasionally until the ham is crispy. Move the chicken onto indirect heat and finish cooking for approx. 8 – 10 min. Season again with salt and pepper and serve with a grilled corncob.
R519	salmon-carpaccio-with-asparagus-panna-cotta	10
I519.1	Peel and finely chop onion. Peel white asparagus from tip to stem. Trim ends. Cut asparagus tips and set aside. Finely slice stem. Only peel the bottom third of green asparagus. Trim ends and cut tips. Cut remaining asparagus into equal-sized pieces. Cover white and green asparagus tips, as well as green asparagus pieces, and set aside.
I519.2	Melt butter on medium heat in a medium pot. Add diced onion and white asparagus tips. Sauté until translucent. Deglaze with white wine, then bring to a simmer for approx. 1 – 2 min., until alcohol is evaporated.
I519.3	Add cream and milk to pot and keep simmering for approx. 15 min on low heat. Remove from heat and purée with a hand blender. Let simmer for approx. 3 – 4 hrs.
I519.4	Remove salmon skin from fillet. Season salmon with salt and finely chopped dill. Transfer salmon to a sheet of plastic wrap, wrap, and freeze overnight.
I519.5	Soak gelatin in a bowl with cold water. Pour asparagus stock through a sieve into a bowl. Squeeze out gelatin sheets, add to warm asparagus stock, and let dissolve. Season with sugar, salt, and pepper. Using a measuring cup, fill liquid into molds and refrigerate overnight for approx. 6 – 8 hours, or until panna cotta mixture firms up.
I519.6	Dissolve yeast in lukewarm water in a small bowl. Add flour, olive oil, and salt to the bowl of a stand mixer. Add yeast mixture and use stand mixer to stir until a dough starts to form. Transfer dough onto a clean work surface, then knead by hand until a smooth dough is formed. Cover dough and let rise in a warm place for approx. 1 h.
I519.7	Preheat oven to 180°C/350°F. Knead dough by hand one more time, then roll out thinly. Cut into long rectangles, approx. 6x5-cm / 2.3x2-in. Grease metal pipes and roll dough around them. Attach dough ends by brushing with egg yolk, then pressing dough firmly to seal. Affix metal pipes to Crunch-Roll 1.0 and bake in the oven for approx. 8 min.
I519.8	Finely grate lime for the marinade. Mix lime juice with mineral water, sugar, vinegar, olive oil, and lime zest. If desired, add more sugar and salt.
I519.9	Just before serving, add white asparagus tips to a pot of simmering water, seasoned with salt and sugar. Add cut green asparagus after approx. 10 sec. and blanch for approx. 1 – 2 min., so that asparagus is softened but maintains a firm bite. Remove from water and drizzle some spoons of marinade on top.
I519.10	For serving, thinly slice salmon, place 4 slices on each plate, and top with asparagus panna cotta. Transfer asparagus tips into crunch rolls and place on top. Garnish with salmon caviar and dill. Drizzle marinade over salmon. If desired, serve with chili flakes. Enjoy!
R520	slow-cooker-3-bean-chili	2
I520.1	Mince garlic and chop bell pepper and onion; transfer to slow cooker.
I520.2	Add beans, tomato paste, spices, herbs, crushed tomatoes, salt, and a few grinds of black pepper to slow cooker. Add 1 cup of water, stir to combine, then cover and cook on low until chili has thickened, approx. 7 – 8 hours (or on high for approx. 4 – 5 hours). Serve topped with chopped cilantro and scallions and a dollop of sour cream. Enjoy!
R521	new-england-clam-chowder	4
I521.1	Chop parsley and dill. Dice potatoes, bacon, and celery into small cubes and set aside. Wash clams thoroughly.
I521.2	In a large saucepan, heat fish broth on medium heat. Add clams and cook on low heat for approx. 1 – 2 min. Remove from broth with a slotted spoon, reserve fish stock, and separate clams from shell. Set aside.
I521.3	In another large saucepan, melt butter and fry bacon on medium-high heat until browned, approx. 2 – 3 min. Add flour, stir to combine, and cook for approx. 1 min. Add cream, potatoes, celery, and fish stock and cook until warmed through. Add milk and cook for approx. 5 more min.
I521.4	Add clams, parsley, dill, and freshly grated nutmeg to taste. Season to taste with lemon juice, salt, and pepper. Enjoy!
R522	post-workout-smoothie	3
I522.1	Add goji berries to a small bowl. Pour in parts of the coconut water and allow to soak for approx. 20 – 30 min.
I522.2	Add cold coconut water, soaked berries, coconut flakes and ice cubes to blender. Blend for approx. 1 – 2 min.
I522.3	Break banana into pieces and add to blender. Mix for 2 – 3 more min., until well incorporated and smooth. Enjoy immediately!
R523	tangy-lemon-sheet-cake	5
I523.1	Preheat oven to 180°C/350°F. Grease and flour the cake pan. Line the bottom with parchment paper if it does not have a removable bottom. Zest all lemons and juice half of them. Set zest aside. In a medium bowl, combine flour, baking powder, and salt. In a measuring cup, mix together milk and lemon juice.
I523.2	Beat together butter, sugar, lemon zest, and some of the vanilla sugar until smooth. Add eggs one at a time, beating after each incorporation. Add half of the flour, mix to incorporate, then add the milk mixture and remaining flour. Stir until fully combined.
I523.3	Transfer batter to cake pan, smooth evenly, then bake at 180°C/350°F for approx. 20 – 30 min. Cool for approx. 10 min., then transfer to a wire rack to cool completely.
I523.4	Meanwhile, make frosting: Add crème fraîche, powdered sugar, and remaining vanilla sugar to a medium mixing bowl. Beat until combined and thickened slightly. Add a drop or two of food coloring until the desired shade of pink is reached. Stir until evenly incorporated.
I523.5	Smooth frosting over cake, decorate with sprinkles if desired, and enjoy!
R524	grilled-corn-and-tomato-salad	4
I524.1	Halve tomatoes, slice scallions, and chop basil. Add tomatoes and scallions to a large bowl. When corn is cool enough to handle, cut kernels off cob and add them to the bowl, too.
I524.2	Whisk together olive oil, vinegar, and honey. Season with salt and pepper.
I524.3	Fold half of dressing into salad and taste, adding more if needed.
I524.4	Gently stir in basil and a squeeze of lime juice to taste. Enjoy!
R525	manhattan-cheesecake	4
I525.1	Preheat the oven to 180°C/ 350°F. To make the crust, finely pulse whole wheat graham crackers in a food processor. Add zest of one orange and half a lemon. Melt butter and pour directly onto the crumbs, stirring to combine.
I525.2	Butter baking pan if necessary and press crumb mixture into the bottom. Make sure to come approx. 2 cm up the sides of the pan. Chill the crust for approx. 15 – 20 min. and then bake in a preheated oven at 180°C/ 350°F for approx. 10 – 15 min. until golden. Then let cool for approx. 15 – 20 min.
I525.3	Mix cream cheese, eggs, sugar, vanilla bean pulp, and zest of half a lemon with a whisk. Add sour cream and whisk until smooth. Then pour the mixture onto the cooled crust and bake at 180°C/ 350°F for approx. 20 – 30 min.
I525.4	Allow the cheesecake to cool on a cake rack for approx. 15 – 20 min. Now, cover and chill for at least 8 hours. Serve with a garnish of fresh berries.
R526	pull-apart-bread	5
I526.1	Preheat the oven to 160°C/ 320°F. Slice bacon and onion into fine strips and green onions into rings. Remove seeds from the tomatoes and dice finely.
I526.2	Fry bacon and onion in a small frying pan with some vegetable oil. Next, put onto a paper towel-lined plate to cool.
I526.3	Cut the coarse rye bread lengthways as well as crosswise, making incisions that almost reach the bottom.
I526.4	Now fill the bread with the fried bacon and onion, tomatoes, green onions and cheese. Press as far as possible into the gaps.
I526.5	Place the bread onto a lined baking tray and bake in a preheated oven at 160°C/ 320°F for approx. 15 min. until golden. Serve with dips as desired.
R527	spinach-and-mushroom-lasagna	5
I527.1	To make vegan béchamel, melt margarine in saucepan. Whisk in flour, then slowly whisk in warm soymilk in a steady stream.
I527.2	Stir in nutritional yeast, nutmeg, and salt and pepper to taste.
I527.3	Preheat oven to 200°C/400°F. Peel onion and garlic, clean mushrooms. Finely chop onion, garlic, and thyme and slice mushrooms.
I527.4	Add oil to frying pan and sauté onion and garlic over medium heat until fragrant and softened. Add mushrooms and thyme and cook for a few minutes, until mushrooms start to brown; if needed, add a bit more oil. Add spinach and cook until wilted, stirring often. Season with salt and pepper. Set aside.
I527.5	Spread a layer of tomato sauce on bottom of casserole dish. Add a layer of noodles, then a layer of béchamel sauce, and a layer of vegetables. Top with another layer of noodles and tomato sauce, and repeat pattern until casserole dish is filled. Finish with a layer of béchamel sauce and remaining mushrooms and spinach. Garnish with thyme leaves. Bake for about 30 – 40 minutes at 200°C/400°F, or until sides start to bubble and top turns golden brown. Let cool slightly before slicing and serving. Enjoy!
R528	baked-bread-dumplings-with-oyster-mushrooms	7
I528.1	Preheat oven to 180°C/350°C, top-bottom heat. Finely julienne fennel and peeled shallots, or slice with a mandolin. In a large mixing bowl, combine fennel, shallots, ground caraway seeds and salt to taste. Stir to combine, then let marinate. From the prepared bread dumpling dough, roll about 5-cm/2-in. dumplings with your hands, then transfer them to a baking sheet lined with parchment paper. Cover dumplings with a layer of aluminum foil.
I528.2	Place dumplings in the oven and bake at 180°C/350°F for approx. 40 min. Remove aluminum foil after approx. 30 min. Set aside to cool. Meanwhile peel and dice sunchoke. Heat a bit of the olive oil in a pan over medium-high heat and sauté sunchoke for approx. 3 min, or until al dente. Salt and pepper to taste.
I528.3	Clean oyster mushrooms and remove blemishes with a paring knife. Heat vegetable oil in a sauté pan over medium-high heat and fry mushrooms until crispy, using tongs to turn them. Season with ground coriander, salt, and pepper.
I528.4	When fully cooled, cut bread dumplings into approx. 1.5-cm/0.5-in. slices and place in refrigerator for approx. 30 min. In a mixing bowl, combine vegetable broth, white balsamic vinegar, the rest of the olive oil, maple syrup, mustard, and salt and pepper to taste and blend until smooth.
I528.5	Arrange dumpling slices on serving plates. Place some fennel salad next to them and top with fried oyster mushrooms.
I528.6	For serving, drizzle dumpling slices with dressing and top with sunchoke. Enjoy!
I528.7	This and many more recipes can be found in Sebastian Copien´s cookbook 'Die vegane Kochschule' (Christian Verlag).
R529	vitello-tonnato	5
I529.1	Trim excess fat from the veal and truss it with cooking string. Roughly chop celery, carrot, onion, and leek
I529.2	In a large, heavy-bottomed saucepan, combine wine, vegetables, bay leaves, and thyme. Peel and smash some garlic and add as well. Add about 7 cm/3 in. of water and bring to a boil. Add veal and return to a boil, then turn off heat. If needed, add more hot water to just cover veal. Cover pot and let veal steep and cool in the liquid for approx. 3 hours.
I529.3	While veal cools, make the sauce. In a blender or food processor, blend remaining peeled garlic, anchovies, and capers until finely chopped. Add mayonnaise, olive oil, juice of half a lemon, and tuna, and blend until combined. Add salt and pepper to taste, as well as additional anchovies and capers, if you desire.
I529.4	Reserve a third of the sauce for later. Thinly slice the cooled veal. Spread a serving platter with some of the remaining sauce, and layer some veal slices on top. Cover with another layer of sauce, then another layer of meat. Repeat until all of the meat and sauce is used, with the final layer being sauce. Cover and refrigerate for at least 24 hours.
I529.5	Bring dish to room temperature. Meanwhile, chop parsley and slice remaining lemon. Garnish dish with lemon slices, parsley, and capers, and serve with reserved sauce on the side. Enjoy!
R530	carrot-apple-and-ginger-juice	3
I530.1	Core and cut apples into large chunks and peel ginger. If you prefer, peel carrots. Halve lime.
I530.2	Add apples, carrots, ginger, and lime juice to juicer. Blend to combine.
I530.3	Pour juice into a serving glass and enjoy !
R531	grilled-corn-with-miso-butter	5
I531.1	In a large saucepan, cook corn in salted boiling water for approx. 5 – 10 min. Drain and set aside.
I531.2	In a large bowl, beat butter with a hand mixer until creamy.
I531.3	Add honey, soy sauce, chili flakes, salt, and miso paste to butter. Continue to beat until well combined.
I531.4	Place miso butter onto plastic wrap. Roll into a log and tightly wrap with plastic. Transfer to the freezer and allow to cool for approx. 20 – 30 min. until set.
I531.5	Heat some vegetable oil in a grill pan and sauté corn over medium heat for approx. 4 – 5 min. until slightly caramelized. Cut butter into medallions, place on top of corn, and continue to sauté for approx. 8 – 10 min. until corn is lightly charred and butter is golden brown. Transfer corn to plate and pour over remaining butter.
R532	cauliflower-steak	6
I532.1	Preheat oven to 180°C/350°F. Zest half the tangerines. Finely slice sage. Remove leaves from cauliflower and cut two thumb-thick steaks from the middle and set aside. Roughly chop remaining cauliflower.
I532.2	Juice all the tangerines and add reserved zest to juice.
I532.3	Add chopped cauliflower, rice milk, and cloves to a small saucepan. Salt to taste. Cook for approx. 15 min. until cauliflower is soft. Remove cloves and puree until smooth with a hand blender. Stir in olive oil and keep warm.
I532.4	In the meantime, heat some vegetable oil in a large ovenproof frying pan. Fry cauliflower steaks over medium heat for approx. 4 - 6 min. on each side until nicely browned. Sprinkle with sage and anise.
I532.5	Transfer cauliflower steaks to preheated oven and bake at 180°C/350°F for approx. 15 – 20 min.
I532.6	Serve cauliflower steaks on a bed of cauliflower puree. Drizzle tangerine juice over cauliflower steaks. Salt to taste and enjoy!
R533	fried-chicken	5
I533.1	Preheat oven to 200°C/400°F. In a small bowl, mix together garlic powder, onion powder, salt, pepper, and paprika.
I533.2	Carefully cut chicken legs in half at the joint. Rub them generously with spice rub, setting any excess spice rub aside.
I533.3	In a large bowl, whisk together egg, water, and Tabasco. In a separate large bowl, whisk together flour, baking powder, a pinch of salt, and the excess spice rub.
I533.4	Dip chicken pieces in the egg mixture until well coated on all sides. Lightly shake to remove excess liquid. Then dredge chicken in flour mixture until a thick and even crust is formed. Repeat these steps for a thicker crust if desired.
I533.5	Preheat frying oil over medium-high heat in a large, deep frying pan. The right temperature is reached when small bubbles form when a wooden spoon is held into the oil. Fry chicken pieces in batches until brown and crispy for approx. 3 - 5 min. Transfer to a lined baking sheet and bake in a preheated oven at 200°C/400°F for approx. 10 - 15 min. Remove from oven and enjoy with lemon wedges and dipping sauces of your choice!
R534	colorful-acai-breakfast-bowl	3
I534.1	Cut banana into chunks and kiwi into bite sized pieces. Roughly chop almonds.
I534.2	Add acai puree, remainder of bananas, maple syrup, and almond milk to a blender and blend on high speed for approx. 1 – 2 min. until a smooth, pudding-like consistency is achieved.
I534.3	Pour acai puree into a bowl. Garnish with banana, kiwi, blueberries, almonds, and chia seeds. Enjoy as an energizing breakfast or afternoon pick-me-up!
R535	simple-spaghetti-bolognese	4
I535.1	Finely chop garlic. Peel and dice onion and carrots.
I535.2	Heat some vegetable oil in a large frying pan and sauté onions, garlic, and carrots. Add ground beef and cook over medium-high heat until meat is browned, approx. 6 - 10 min. While cooking, break into pieces with a cooking spoon. Season with salt and pepper.
I535.3	Add crushed tomatoes and season again with salt, pepper, and oregano. Simmer without a lid over medium heat for approx. 15 - 20 min.
I535.4	In the meantime, cook pasta in plenty of salted boiling water according to package instructions for approx. 10 - 12 min. until al dente. Drain, top with sauce, and serve with grated Parmesan.
R536	pork-steak-with-homemade-fries	4
I536.1	Preheat oven to 200°C/390°F. Cut potatoes into thin, French fry-shaped strips. In a large bowl, toss with olive oil, curry powder, ground nutmeg, and smoked salt. Transfer to a parchment paper-lined baking sheet and bake in preheated oven, turning occasionally, at 200°C/390°F for approx. 25 – 30 min. until crispy and golden.
I536.2	Pluck leaves from tarragon sprigs and roughly chop. In a small bowl, mix together soft butter and tarragon leaves. Season to taste with salt and pepper.
I536.3	Place tarragon butter onto a piece of parchment paper. Roll into a log and transfer to the fridge.
I536.4	Pat steaks dry with kitchen towel. Season to taste with salt and pepper. In a large frying pan, heat olive oil over medium heat and cook steaks for approx. 3 – 4 min. per side. Remove pan from heat and let steaks rest for approx. 3 – 5 min. before serving. In the meantime, cut tomatoes into wedges. In a small bowl, mix together olive oil, vinegar, and Dijon mustard. Season to taste with salt and pepper. In a large bowl, mix together salad dressing, salad, and tomatoes. Serve with French fries and steaks topped with tarragon butter. Enjoy!
R537	homemade-white-bread	4
I537.1	Add the flour and water to stand mixer and beat for approx. 2 – 3 min. until ingredients are well incorporated.
I537.2	Melt the butter in small saucepan over medium-low heat. Add the yeast, salt and milk. Stir until yeast is dissolved, making sure that milk is only lukewarm. Remove from heat. Add mixture to stand mixer and knead until a smooth dough has formed.
I537.3	Lightly flour work surface. Knead the dough again and form to a ball. Flour a large mixing bowl before adding the dough in. Cover with kitchen towel and let rise in a warm place for approx. 1 hour. Once dough has risen, preheat the oven to 200°C/390°F.
I537.4	Knead dough again, pulling the edges underneath to form a smooth loaf shape. Grease the loaf pan with butter. Transfer dough to loaf pan. Remove kitchen towel and cover the loaf pan with aluminum foil. Transfer to preheated oven and bake at 200°C/390°F for approx. 20 – 25 min. Remove the foil and bake for another 10 min. until golden brown. Enjoy!
R538	dark-n-stormy	3
I538.1	Add lime juice to a highball glass. Add rum, then stir.
I538.2	Add ice, then fill glass with ginger beer and stir gently.
I538.3	Garnish glass with lime wedge. Enjoy!
R539	american-potato-salad	4
I539.1	Boil potatoes in salted water until tender. Transfer them to ice bath to chill for a few minutes, then drain and pat dry. Halve or quarter potatoes (depending on size) and place in a large bowl.
I539.2	Finely dice cornichons, mince shallots, and halve and slice radishes; roughly chop the herbs. Add cornichons, shallots, radishes, and herbs to bowl.
I539.3	Whisk together the olive oil, mustards, vinegar, and sugar.
I539.4	Add half of dressing to potatoes and toss. Taste and add more dressing and salt and pepper to taste. Garnish with a sprinkle of chopped chives. Enjoy!
R540	cherry-chocolate-rum-cake	11
I540.1	Preheat oven to 170°C/340°F. Beat eggs until foamy. Slowly add in most of the sugar and beat until fluffy and pale.
I540.2	Now, add in seeds of the vanilla bean and most of the rum and melted butter. Beat until well combined.
I540.3	In a large bowl, mix flour, cocoa powder, some cornstarch, baking powder, cinnamon, and a pinch of salt in a large bowl.
I540.4	Add dry ingredients to the mixture and beat until a smooth batter forms.
I540.5	Add chopped chocolate and beat to combine.
I540.6	Now, carefully fold in two thirds of the drained cherries.
I540.7	Transfer the batter into a greased baking pan. Smooth out the top and bake in a preheated oven at 170°C/340°F. for approx. 50 – 60 min. until fully set. A wooden skewer inserted in the center should come out clean. Let cool on a cake rack.
I540.8	Before serving, caramelize remaining sugar in a pan. Add remaining cherries and stir to coat.
I540.9	Add remaining rum. Then, stand back and flambé.
I540.10	Now, add red wine and let simmer for 2 – 4 min. until the alcohol has evaporated.
I540.11	In the meantime, dissolve remaining cornstarch in some water. Add mixture to the sauce until thickened to desired consistency. Serve hot cherries on top of a piece of the cake. Add some confectioner’s sugar to liking.
R541	italian-style-roasted-artichokes	3
I541.1	Preheat oven to 260°C/500°F. Cut off stems and top one-third of the artichokes. Gently pull leaves apart to open up the artichokes. Peel and crush garlic. Transfer artichokes to a large baking dish.
I541.2	In a large measuring cup, whisk together oil, wine, oregano, red pepper flakes, crushed garlic, and salt and pepper to taste. Pour mixture over each artichoke, making sure that is goes between all of the leaves. Cover with aluminum foil and bake for approx. 45 min.
I541.3	Uncover and bake for approx. 10 – 15 more min., or until until well-browned and tender, periodically basting the artichokes with their juices during baking. Let cool slightly before serving along with pan juices. Enjoy!
R542	nurnberger-bratwursts-with-sauerkraut-and-mashed-potatoes	3
I542.1	Peel potatoes and cut into rough chunks. In a large saucepan filled with salted water, cook potatoes for approx. 15 – 20 min. Meanwhile heat up milk in a small saucepan. Once potatoes are done, drain the saucepan and add butter, nutmeg, and milk. Mash potatoes with a masher and whisk thoroughly until texture is smooth and even. Season to taste with salt and pepper.
I542.2	In a large saucepan, heat up sauerkraut over medium heat for approx. 4 – 5 min.
I542.3	In a large frying pan, roast bratwursts over medium heat for approx. 4 – 5 min until thoroughly browned. Serve on a plate with mashed potatoes and sauerkraut. Add mustard to your liking. Enjoy!
R543	chocolate-milkshake-with-peanut-butter-and-banana	3
I543.1	Combine ice cream, milk, peanut butter, banana, and salt in a blender.
I543.2	Blend until smooth, approx. 2 – 3 min.
I543.3	Serve in a glass topped with whipped cream. Enjoy!
R544	sweet-rice-balls-with-black-sesame	5
I544.1	Place the rice flour into a large bowl. First, whisk in the hot water. Then, add the cold water and mix well to combine. Using your hands, form dough into a ball. Cover and set aside.
I544.2	In a grease-free pan, toast peanuts and black sesame until lightly roasted. Transfer to a food processor and finely grind. Then, place into a small bowl and add confectioner’s sugar and maple syrup. Mix until a sticky paste forms.
I544.3	Place filling onto a cutting board and divide into four equal portions. Roll each portion into a small log and cut into hazelnut-sized pieces.
I544.4	Lightly cover hands with rice flour. Take a small portion of the dough (approx. 1 tablespoon) and form a small dough round. Place filling in the center and wrap dough around to form a ball. Cover with rice flour.
I544.5	Add water to a large saucepan and bring to a boil. Place balls in boiling water and reduce heat. Immediately stir to avoid sticking. Cover and allow to steep for approx. 3 – 5 min. until dumplings rise to the surface. Serve with cooking water.
R545	warm-quinoa-salad	5
I545.1	Rinse quinoa in warm water and cook in vegetable stock, according to the package instructions, and set aside.
I545.2	Mince garlic. Cut zucchini, pepper, snow peas, and dried tomatoes into bite-sized pieces.
I545.3	Fry the vegetables in some vegetable oil. Season with sugar and salt and pepper.
I545.4	Cut parsley and mint into fine strips.
I545.5	Stir the cooked quinoa, mint, and parsley into the roasted vegetables. Add the zest and juice of half a lemon as well as the juice of one orange. Fillet the other orange and carefully fold the orange segments into the mixture. Serve warm with sour cream.
R546	spanish-style-fried-custard	7
I546.1	Add milk, sugar, cinnamon stick, almond extract, and vanilla bean to a saucepan. Finely grate lemon and orange peel and add to saucepan, as well. Warm mixture on medium heat for approx. 3 - 5 min.
I546.2	Melt butter in a second saucepan. Add flour and stir on medium-low heat for approx. 2 min, until combined. Remove vanilla bean and cinnamon stick from the first saucepan and add milk to flour mixture. Let simmer for approx. 5 min., stirring constantly until the mixture thickens. Stir in egg yolk, then remove saucepan from heat.
I546.3	Line baking dish with plastic wrap. Add batter, smooth top, and cover with more plastic wrap. Refrigerate for approx. 4 hrs. or overnight, until firm. re
I546.4	Cut cream in equal-sized, square pieces.
I546.5	Add flour, beaten eggs, and breadcrumbs each to a separate mixing bowl. Coat milk squares in flour, egg, then breadcrumbs.
I546.6	Heat oil in a large frying pan on medium heat. Sauté breaded squares from all sides for approx. 2 min. until golden brown. Transfer to a paper towel-lined plate to drain slightly.
I546.7	Place an ice cream stick into each fried square. Mix cinnamon and sugar in a deep plate or shallow bowl and roll each square in mixture while still warm. Enjoy!
R547	braided-easter-bread-with-jam	7
I547.1	In a small saucepan, whisk together milk and yeast, then carefully warm on low heat, just until the mixture is lukewarm. Set aside for approx. 10 min.
I547.2	Add flour, eggs, vanilla bean seeds, sugar, salt, grapeseed oil, and dessert wine to a mixing bowl and stir in a stand mixer. Add milk-yeast-mixture and stir until a smooth dough is formed.
I547.3	Flour a clean work surface. Turn dough out onto surface and knead by hand until smooth and elastic. Transfer back to mixing bowl and cover with a kitchen towel. Let dough rise in a warm place for approx. 30 min.
I547.4	Halve apricots and remove pits. Add apricot halves and gelling sugar to a saucepan and simmer on medium-high heat until apricots break down and jam thickens and becomes creamy. For serving later, remove some of the apricot halves from the saucepan after approx. 5 min. of cooking and set aside. Cool down jam, then purée until fine and smooth.
I547.5	Knead dough one more time. Divide into 6 equal parts, then divide each part again into 3 parts. Form long dough strips out of each part, approx. 20 cm/8 in. long. Braid 3 strips at a time into small buns and transfer them to a parchment-lined baking sheet. Let buns rise for approx. 30 min. more. Preheat oven to 160°C/320°F.
I547.6	Beat egg yolk, then coat braided yeast buns with it. Bake at 160°C/320°F until golden brown for approx. 25 – 30 min.
I547.7	Serve Easter bread with apricot jam and apricot halves. If desired, serve with sour cream ice cream, and enjoy while Easter bread is still warm!
R548	sauerkraut-and-potato-dumplings	4
I548.1	Peel and finely dice onion.
I548.2	In a small saucepan, melt some of the butter over medium heat, add onion and bacon, and sauté for approx. 3 – 5 min. until bacon is crispy and onions are translucent. Add sauerkraut, stir thoroughly to combine, and cook for another 2 – 3 min.
I548.3	Add sugar, bay leaves, juniper berries, and beef stock. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Stir thoroughly and continue to cook for another approx. 8 – 10 min. until sauerkraut has absorbed most of the beef stock.
I548.4	In a large frying pan, melt rest of butter over medium heat, add potato dumplings, and fry for approx. 3 – 5 min. until both sides are golden brown. Mix together with sauerkraut, stir thoroughly, and continue to sauté for approx. 3 – 5 min. until evenly heated. Garnish with chopped fresh parsley, if desired. Enjoy!
R549	kid-approved-pasta-salad	4
I549.1	Cut bell pepper into strips. Cut sausages into bite-sized pieces. Dice tomatoes. Roughly chop chives. Thinly slice green onions.
I549.2	In a large saucepan, cook pasta in salted boiling water, according to package instructions, for approx. 8 – 10 min. Drain and set aside.
I549.3	For the dressing, mix together mustard, broth, vinegar, chopped chives, salt, and pepper in a small bowl.
I549.4	In a large bowl, mix together cooked pasta, cut peppers, chopped green onions, tomatoes, sausages, and dressing. Season once more with salt and pepper. Stir until well combined and allow to sit for approx. 20 min. before serving. Enjoy!
R550	chocolate-peppermint-bark	5
I550.1	Line a large baking sheet with aluminum foil. Put candy canes in a plastic bag and crush with a rolling pin or other sturdy tool until finely crushed.
I550.2	Add ¾ of the dark chocolate to a heatproof bowl and set it over a saucepan filled with simmering water. Stir chocolate with a rubber spatula occasionally until melted and smooth. Remove from heat and stir in remaining chocolate until just melted. Pour melted chocolate onto prepared baking sheet and spread evenly until about ½-cm/¼-in thick.
I550.3	In a clean heatproof bowl, melt white chocolate over the saucepan of simmering water.  Remove from heat and stir in peppermint extract.
I550.4	Use a spoon to pour the white chocolate mixture over the dark chocolate in horizontal stripes about 1 cm/½ in. apart.
I550.5	Sprinkle the crushed candy canes over white chocolate stripes. Drag a toothpick perpendicularly through the white chocolate to create the swirl. Place baking sheet on a level surface in refrigerator to harden for approx. 45 min. Cut or break into squares and serve. Store refrigerated in an airtight container.
R551	wild-rice-salad	4
I551.1	In a small saucepan, bring wild rice to a boil in salted boiling water, reduce heat to low, cover, and cook according to package instructions for approx. 35 – 40 min. Remove from heat and set aside.
I551.2	In a large, grease-free frying pan, toast peanuts over medium heat for approx. 1 – 2 min. until fragrant.
I551.3	Julienne bell pepper and red onion. Cut cilantro into thin strips. Cut mango flesh off pit, remove peel, and then cut into bite-sized pieces.
I551.4	In a large bowl, combine mango, bell pepper, onion, cilantro, peanuts, rice, and soy sauce. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Enjoy!
R552	homemade-tortellini-with-mushroom-and-ricotta-filling	12
I552.1	Toast pine nuts in a small frying pan until golden.
I552.2	Fry mushrooms in a hot frying pan for approx. 2 – 4 min. until tender. Leave to cool.
I552.3	Finely chop toasted pine nuts, rosemary, and sautéed mushrooms.
I552.4	In a large bowl, combine ricotta, egg yolks, mushrooms, pine nuts, and rosemary. Season generously with nutmeg and salt and pepper.
I552.5	On a lightly floured work surface, roll out the pasta dough with a pasta machine and punch out circles using a circular cutter of about 6 cm in diameter.
I552.6	Mix the remaining egg yolk with some water. Brush each dough circle with this egg wash.
I552.7	Fill each circle with a teaspoon of the ricotta filling.
I552.8	Fold each circle into a semicircle, press the edges of the semicircle firmly. Fold again in half. Now, bring the pointed ends together and press firmly again.
I552.9	Cook tortellini in salted boiling water for approx. 5 – 7 min. They are done once they float to the top. Drain and set aside.
I552.10	Prepare a roux for the cream sauce. Melt butter in a saucepan, add flour, and stir constantly until there are no more lumps.
I552.11	Subsequently, stir in vegetable stock and cream. Add thyme and crushed garlic. Bring to a boil while stirring occasionally.
I552.12	Remove thyme sprigs and garlic clove from sauce. Season with salt and pepper and nutmeg. Toss tortellini in the sauce and serve in deep plates with fresh pepper.
R553	energy-salad	5
I553.1	Rinse quinoa under water and add to saucepan with salted water. Bring to a boil. Then, cover and reduce heat to low. Cook for  approx. 15 min. until tender. Remove from heat and let stand, covered, for  approx. 5 min.
I553.2	Peel carrots. Cut sweet potato, apple, and carrots into bite-sized pieces.
I553.3	In a large frying pan, sauté sweet potato over medium-high heat for approx. 6 – 10 min. until golden brown and tender. Add carrots and sauté for approx. 3 – 5 min.
I553.4	In a large bowl, combine sweet potato, apple, carrot, spinach, raisins, and cashews. Mix well to combine.
I553.5	Whisk together mustard, honey, balsamic vinegar, olive oil, salt, and pepper. Drizzle over salad and lightly toss to combine. Enjoy as a warm or cold salad!
R554	seared-duck-breast-with-cherry-port-wine-sauce	5
I554.1	Mince shallots. Score duck skin in a diamond pattern without cutting through to the flesh. Season with salt and pepper.
I554.2	Heat a heavy-bottomed frying pan over medium-high heat. Add duck to pan, skin side-down, and cook until skin is browned and crisp, approx. 5 min. Reduce heat to medium, flip duck breasts, and cook until browned and cooked through, approx. 5 – 8 min.
I554.3	Transfer duck to cutting board, cover with foil to keep warm, and let rest. Pour off most of the duck drippings from the frying pan, leaving enough in the pan to coat. Add shallots and sauté over medium heat until fragrant. Add broth, cherries, Port, honey, and thyme. Bring to a boil and cook until sauce reduces to a glaze, stirring often.
I554.4	Remove thyme sprigs, then whisk in butter and orange zest and season with salt and pepper. Thinly slice duck breast and transfer to serving plate. Spoon sauce over duck and serve.  Enjoy!
I554.5	Remove thyme sprigs, then whisk in butter and orange zest and season with salt and pepper. Thinly slice duck breast and transfer to serving plate. Spoon sauce over duck and serve.  Enjoy!
R555	latte-macchiato	3
I555.1	Using your Nespresso milk frother, froth milk and pour in glass.
I555.2	For a strong espresso flavor, use Nespresso machine with a Nespresso Arpeggio capsule. Add one shot of espresso to glass.
I555.3	If you like more milk froth, just add some more milk to your Nespresso milk frother and top off your glass. Enjoy!
R556	banana-and-chocolate-swedish-pancakes	6
I556.1	In a large bowl, mix together wholemeal flour, sugar, hazelnuts, vanilla sugar and a pinch of salt.
I556.2	Add eggs and milk. Whisk thoroughly.
I556.3	In a small saucepan, melt butter over low heat and add to bowl. Stir thoroughly to combine.
I556.4	Peel bananas and halve them lengthwise.
I556.5	Warm up a frying pan (approx. 25 cm) over medium heat and melt a small knob of butter. Then, add a thin layer of batter and spread to the edges. Cook for approx. 2 – 3 min. until the batter has set, then flip and cook for another 1 – 2 min.
I556.6	Spread a thin layer of hazelnut spread over each pancake. Place a banana slice on top and roll the pancake up. Enjoy with confectioner’s sugar, if desired.
R557	ombre-cake	9
I557.1	Set butter and eggs out to reach room temperature. Preheat oven to 175°C/350°F. Butter cake pans, line bottoms with parchment paper, and dust with flour, tapping out excess. Whisk together flour, baking powder, and salt and set aside. Cream some of the butter and sugar until smooth, then add eggs one at a time, beating well after each.
I557.2	Stir in some of the vanilla and continue to beat for another couple of minutes until light and fluffy.
I557.3	Add flour mixture to butter mixture in thirds, alternating with some of the milk, until all is combined.
I557.4	To dye cake layers, divide batter evenly among four bowls. Tint each bowl a different hue by gradually increasing number of drop of food coloring you add to each bowl. Transfer batter to cake pans. Bake cakes for approx. 20 – 30 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted in center of cakes comes out clean. Let cakes cool in pans for approx. 10 minutes before turning them out to cool completely on cooling rack.
I557.5	To make buttercream, beat sugar and butter on low speed until combined, then increase speed to medium and beat until light and fluffy. Add some of the milk, vanilla, and salt, and mix for another minute or two. If buttercream is too stiff, add a little milk; if it’s too loose, add a little more sugar. When cakes are cool, level them by slicing a thin, even layer of off of their tops. Dab some buttercream onto center of cake board and place darkest cake on top of it. Spread even layer of buttercream over the cake, then place next lightest cake on top. Continue this way until lightest cake is on top. Stick cake in refrigerator to chill for at least 15 minutes.
I557.6	When cake is chilled, coat outside with remaining buttercream, reserving a small amount if you’d like to write on cake later. Refrigerate for approx. 15 minutes.
I557.7	Dust work surface and fondant with powdered sugar and knead until satiny and smooth, dusting more powdered sugar onto work surface as needed. Roll fondant evenly until it is at least the diameter of cake plus two times the height. Use a sewing needle or pin to deflate any air bubbles. Trim excess.
I557.8	Drape fondant over rolling pin and transfer it over cake, making sure it covers all sides with plenty of overhang. Remove pleats from fondant by lifting fondant up and smoothing it along sides of cake all the way around. Use a sharp paring knife to trim off excess fondant up to about 1.25-cm or ½-inch from bottom of the cake. Use a bench scraper, fondant smoother, or your hands to smooth fondant down toward bottom seam, gently pressing fondant down onto cake board. Trim fondant a bit closer to cake this time, but not all the way to the seam. Continue to smooth fondant down and remove any air bubbles. For final trim, cut the fondant at a 45-degree angle, pulling out any excess away from the board.
I557.9	Transfer cake to serving plate, finish decorating it as you prefer, and enjoy!
R558	one-pot-pasta	4
I558.1	Clean spinach. Cut onion into thin strips, finely chop garlic, and halve cherry tomatoes.
I558.2	Then, heat up 1 tbsp olive oil in a deep pan. Sauté garlic and onion for approx. 3 – 5 min. until fragrant and translucent.
I558.3	Now, add pasta, baby spinach, cherry tomatoes, thyme, and basil to the pan and pour in the vegetable stock. Stirring occasionally, simmer for approx. 10 – 12 min. until the liquid has reduced.
I558.4	Season generously with salt and pepper. Serve sprinkled with basil and freshly grated Parmesan.
R559	virgin-pina-colada	3
I559.1	Cut a slice of pineapple for garnish.
I559.2	Fill cocktail shaker with ice. Add pineapple juice, coconut milk, and cream to the cocktail shaker and shake vigorously.
I559.3	Strain into a large glass filled with ice and garnish with pineapple slice. Enjoy!
R560	refined-chickpea-salad	4
I560.1	Finely grate ginger. Peel and crush garlic. Slice dried tomatoes, parsley, and onion into fine strips.
I560.2	Heat chickpeas in a small saucepan. Add ginger and garlic and toss together. Remove from heat and set aside to cool.
I560.3	Crumble feta with fingers and add to the chickpeas, dried tomatoes, parsley, pine nuts, lemon juice, and olive oil.
I560.4	Finally, mix everything together well and season with salt and pepper. Serve warm.
R561	pickled-radish-and-warm-tofu-salad	7
I561.1	Cut daikons and carrot into fine strips. Finely slice spring onions, roughly chop the cilantro. Cut tofu into cubes.
I561.2	Transfer carrots and daikons to a large bowl. Season with salt.
I561.3	Add vinegar and most of the sugar to the vegetables and mix well to combine. Set aside.
I561.4	Add water to a small saucepan and bring to a boil. Place tofu into boiling water and allow to cook for approx. 3 – 5 min. until tofu cubes rise to the surface. Drain.
I561.5	In a small bowl, combine oyster sauce, soy sauce, remaining sugar, and salt.
I561.6	Transfer warm tofu to a large bowl. Add the dressing and carefully mix to combine.
I561.7	Sprinkle tofu with chopped spring onions and cilantro . Serve with pickled radish.
R562	cassoulet	6
I562.1	In a large saucepan, heat water to a simmer and add a pinch of salt. Cook white beans for approx. 1 hr. Skim off white foam, Drain water and set beans aside.
I562.2	Peel and finely dice carrots, garlic, and onions. Cut green beans into bite-sized pieces. Finely chop rosemary and thyme.
I562.3	Heat goose fat in a large ovenproof pot. Sauté smoked pork chop, smoked ham, and coarse sausage until browned, then add ham.
I562.4	Add chopped garlic, onion, and tomato purée, as well as thyme and rosemary. Deglaze with dry white wine and chicken stock. Stir well and season with salt and pepper. Transfer to oven and bake at 180°C/355°F for approx. 3 hrs. Stir several times throughout.
I562.5	Take meat out of pot and cut into bite-sized pieces.
I562.6	In a medium saucepan, blanch carrots and green beans in boiling water for 3 – 5 min. Transfer to an ice bath, then drain. Serve white beans, green beans, and carrots together with meat and broth. Enjoy!
R563	gingerbread-trifle-with-spiced-oranges-and-cinnamon-cream	4
I563.1	For the spiced oranges, segment oranges and set aside. Bring Prosecco to a boil, then add gelling sugar, lemon juice, spices, and honey and simmer over medium heat until it becomes a thick sauce, approx. 10 min. Allow to cool down,  then add grenadine syrup and orange filets. Refrigerate until serving or, approx. 15 min.
I563.2	For the cinnamon cream, whisk sugar and egg yolks together in a small bowl until foamy and light. Fold in mascarpone, honey, vanilla seeds, and cinnamon. Refrigerate for approx. 15 – 20 min.
I563.3	In a dry frying pan, toast sliced almonds at medium-low heat for approx. 3 – 4 min. until golden brown; let cool completely. Tear gingerbread cookies into bite-sized pieces. Place gingerbread in serving glasses, and soak with Grand Marnier. Place spiced oranges and cinnamon cream on top. Continue to fill glasses with in this pattern of gingerbread, oranges, and cinnamon cream. To serve, garnish with whipped cream and toasted nuts.
I563.4	Enjoy!
R564	spicy-shrimp-over-creamy-polenta	4
I564.1	Mix together olive oil, Sriracha, Worcestershire sauce, and honey. Season with salt and pepper, then add shrimp and toss to coat. Cover with plastic wrap and let marinate in refrigerator for at least 1 hour.
I564.2	Heat a large skillet over medium-high heat and add shrimp. Cook for approx. 2 – 4 min. until shrimp turn pink and remove from heat.
I564.3	Transfer shrimp and their juices to a bowl, then add crushed tomatoes to the skillet, along with garlic and salt to taste. Cook over medium heat until hot. Turn heat down to low, return shrimp to skillet, and cover while you cook polenta.
I564.4	To cook polenta, bring water and milk to boil in a small saucepan; add salt.  Pour polenta into boiling mixture in a steady stream, whisking constantly. Turn down heat to low. Continue to whisk until polenta thickens, approx. 3 – 5 min. Remove from heat and stir in butter, cheese, and salt and black pepper to taste. Serve shrimp and tomato mixture over a bed of polenta. Garnish with fresh parsley.
R565	pumpkin-swirl-brownies	6
I565.1	Preheat oven to 175°C/350°F. Line a square baking pan with aluminum foil, letting some hang over the sides, and grease the foil with butter. Whisk together flour, baking powder, and salt. Roughly chop chocolate.
I565.2	Melt butter and chocolate over a double boiler, stirring occasionally, until combined. Do not stir too much, or the chocolate will seize and lose its shine.
I565.3	Remove chocolate from heat and let cool for approx. 1 min., then stir in sugar. Beat in eggs and vanilla extract.
I565.4	Fold in flour mixture, then transfer batter to prepared pan.
I565.5	Beat cream cheese until light and fluffy, then add pumpkin purée, egg, sugar, and spices, and mix until combined.
I565.6	Dollop pumpkin mixture over brownie batter about half a thumb’s length apart. Use your finger or the handle of a wooden spoon to swirl pumpkin mixture through brownie batter in large figure-8 movements. Bake at 175°C/350°F for approx. 40 min., or until brownies start to pull away from the edges and the center is set. A toothpick inserted into the center should come out with a few moist crumbs. Let brownies cool completely, then carefully lift them out of the pan using the aluminum foil overhang. Cut into squares and enjoy!
R566	tuscan-bombolini	5
I566.1	Dissolve yeast and part of sugar in lukewarm water and then add mixture to a standing mixer with flour. Beat until a smooth, even dough forms. Cover and let rise in a warm place for approx. 15 – 20 min. until dough has doubled in volume.
I566.2	Next, add butter, rest of the sugar, and lemon zest to standing mixer. Beat until an elastic dough forms.
I566.3	Transfer dough to a floured work surface. Now, form the dough into small, golf ball-sized rounds. Allow to rise for approx. 25 – 30 min. Then, flatten out dough and with a small cookie cutter, cut out the center of the dough. Allow dough to rise for approx. another 50 – 60 min.
I566.4	Heat some vegetable oil in a small saucepan over medium heat. Fry bombolini in oil for approx. 3 – 4 min. until golden brown. Remove from oil and transfer to a paper towel-lined plate.
I566.5	Pour sugar into a small bowl. Roll bombolini in sugar and transfer to a plate for serving. Enjoy!
R567	tropical-burgers	3
I567.1	Preheat grill to medium-high. Mince garlic. Remove crusts from bread, dice, and mash with evaporated milk in a small bowl. Stir in Worcestershire sauce, salt, pepper, and garlic. Add bread mixture to beef with fork or hands, gently mixing together. Divide meat into portions and gently form into patties. Using thumb or fingertips, press shallow indentations in centers of patties. Season both sides of patties with salt and pepper, if desired.
I567.2	Place patties on grill. Close lid, if using an outdoor grill. Grill for approx. 3 – 4 min. Flip patties and cook for approx. 3 – 4 min. more min., or until desired doneness. Transfer to a plate to rest for 5 minutes. Grill pineapple slices for approx. 2 min. on each side, or until heated through and grill marks appear. Toast buns, if desired. Place grilled pineapple on patties and transfer patties to the buns. Add optional toppings, as desired. Enjoy!
I567.3	Place patties on grill. Close lid, if using an outdoor grill. Grill for approx. 3 – 4 min. Flip patties and cook for approx. 3 – 4 min. more min., or until desired doneness. Transfer to a plate to rest for 5 minutes. Grill pineapple slices for approx. 2 min. on each side, or until heated through and grill marks appear. Toast buns, if desired. Place grilled pineapple on patties and transfer patties to the buns. Add optional toppings, as desired. Enjoy!
R568	braised-chicken-with-couscous	6
I568.1	Wash and dry chicken legs. Mix a part of rapeseed oil with honey until smooth. Add turmeric, cumin, cinnamon, spicy paprika, salt, and pepper. In a large bowl or a freezer bag, toss chicken legs in marinade. Seal or cover and marinate overnight in the refrigerator.
I568.2	Peel and slice onions and garlic. Remove chicken legs from marinade and carefully drain. Heat oil in the bottom of the tagine over medium-high heat. Add chicken legs, garlic, and onion and fry until deep golden-brown on all sides.
I568.3	Deglaze with some of the chicken stock.
I568.4	Place the lid on the tagine. Let simmer for approx. 80 min.
I568.5	In the meantime, wash bell peppers. Remove seeds and cut into strips. Rinse raisins under cold water. Add cut bell peppers, raisins, couscous, and remaining chicken stock to tagine, cover, and continue to simmer for approx. 10 min.
I568.6	Season with lemon juice, salt, and pepper. Garnish with parsley. Serve directly in the tagine. Enjoy!
R569	kisir-turkish-bulgur-salad	2
I569.1	In a large saucepan, bring water, cumin, curry, turmeric, salt, and pepper to a boil. Remove pan from heat, add bulgur, stir to incorporate, cover with foil, and set aside for approx. 20 min. In the meantime, finely dice red onion, bell pepper, cucumber, parsley, mint, and dill. Cut green onion crosswise into thin rings and tomatoes into bite-sized pieces.
I569.2	In a large bowl, thoroughly mix together bulgur, tomato, red onion, green onion, cucumber, parsley, mint, dill, chili flakes, olive oil, tomato paste, and lemon zest and juice. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Enjoy!
R570	aperol-betty	5
I570.1	Cut one orange peel per glass.
I570.2	Juice orange and grapefruit
I570.3	Combine the Aperol, orange juice, and grapefruit juice in a shaker with ice.
I570.4	Shake thoroughly, then strain into rocks glasses filled with ice. Top glasses with Prosecco.
I570.5	Garnish with orange peels.
R571	cinnamon-buns	11
I571.1	In a small bowl, combine water, yeast, and some sugar. Let sit until foamy for approx. 5 – 10min.
I571.2	In a standing mixer or with a hand mixer, whisk together milk, vanilla extract, egg, melted butter, some sugar and a pinch of salt.
I571.3	In two editions, add all-purpose flour into the milk mixture. Then add in yeast mixture and continue beating. Knead by hand until smooth. Place the dough in a clean bowl, cover with a kitchen towel and leave it to rise in a warm place for approx. 2 hours.
I571.4	For the filling, combine soft butter with the remaining sugar, cinnamon and the zest of halve an orange in a small bowl. Mix until smooth.
I571.5	Preheat oven to 190⁰C/375⁰F. Halve the dough and roll each half into the shape of a rectangle, approx. 3 mm thick.
I571.6	Spread the filling evenly onto the dough leaving a small border all around.
I571.7	Starting at the long end, roll up the dough.
I571.8	Cut the roll crosswise into equally sized pieces.
I571.9	Place the rolls into the prepared muffin pan cut side down and leave to rise for another hour.  Then bake in a preheated oven at 190⁰C/375⁰F for approx. 15 - 20 min. until golden. Allow to cool for 10 min. on a cake rack.
I571.10	In a small bowl, combine confectioner’s sugar and lemon juice. Stir until completely dissolved.
I571.11	Place a plate underneath the cake rack to catch any excess frosting. Drizzle cinnamon buns with sugar frosting to your liking.  Serve while still warm.
R572	salty-elderflower-fizz	2
I572.1	In a serving glass, stir together elderflower syrup, lemon juice and salt. Fill glass with ice.
I572.2	Fill glass with sparkling water and non-alcoholic sparkling wine. Garnish with fresh rosemary and lemon peel. Cheers!
R573	spiced-salmon	2
I573.1	Preheat the oven to 250°C/500°F. Thinly slice green onion. Finely chop garlic and mix with sweet chili sauce, cayenne pepper, cumin, paprika, coriander, and ginger. Zest orange and lemon and add to marinade. Salt to taste.
I573.2	Place salmon fillets on baking tray lined with parchment paper. Brush with marinade and bake for approx. 8 - 12 min. at 250°C/500°F until cooked through. To serve, sprinkle with chopped green onions. Enjoy!
R574	classic-hamburger	8
I574.1	To prepare the buns, add flour, yeast, salt, and malt to a large mixing bowl. Stir to combine, then add some milk, water, sugar, soft butter, and half of the beaten egg. Combine with a rubber spatula. Then knead for approx. 6 min. with hands, until the dough springs back when you push it gently with your finger.
I574.2	Cover dough with a wet kitchen towel and let rise at 35°C/95°F (upper and lower heat). Alternatively, let rise without towel in automated program “yeast dough” for 30 min.
I574.3	Knead dough briefly, divide into portions, transfer to a parchment-lined baking sheet, cover with a damp towel, and let rise for another 10 min. in a warm place. Alternatively, let rise in oven at 35°C/95°F (upper and lower heat) or without towel in automated program “yeast dough."
I574.4	Then, roll dough pieces into smooth balls, transfer back to parchment-lined baking sheet, and cover with a damp kitchen towel. Let rise for another approx. 30 min. in a warm place.
I574.5	Combine remaining egg with remaining milk and carefully brush buns with mixture. Sprinkle with sesame and bake with convection function at 190°C / 375°F for approx. 10 – 15 min until golden brown.
I574.6	For the patties, season ground beef with salt and pepper.
I574.7	Form 6 equal-sized patties and cook in a frying pan greased with oil over medium-high heat for approx. 3 – 5 min., or until browned on each side and cooked through.
I574.8	Rip lettuce into bite-sized pieces. Cut tomato into thin slices. Halve burger buns horizontally, spread ketchup and mustard on each half, then place patty, tomato and homemade fried onions on top. Cover with other half of bun. Enjoy!
R575	strawberry-balsamic-pizza	4
I575.1	Preheat oven to 190°C/375°F. Hull and slice strawberries into rounds. Chiffonade basil into long ribbons.
I575.2	Roll pizza dough out onto a parchment-lined baking sheet. Top with shredded mozzarella, large crumbles of goat cheese, and strawberry rounds. Bake at 190°C/375°F for approx. 20 – 30 min., or until the cheese is bubbling and the crust is golden-brown.
I575.3	Meanwhile, make the balsamic reduction by combining balsamic vinegar and honey in a small saucepan. Simmer over medium-low heat until reduced by half, approx. 10 min.
I575.4	Sprinkle pizza with basil, season with salt and pepper to taste, and drizzle with balsamic reduction. Enjoy!
R576	quick-energy-balls	4
I576.1	Add oatmeal, hazelnuts, sunflower seeds, dates, apricots, and cranberries to a food processor.
I576.2	Blend for approx. 1 – 2 min. until all ingredients are well chopped.
I576.3	Transfer mixture to a large bowl. Add water and stir well until fully combined. Allow to set for approx. 10 – 15 min.
I576.4	Take small portions of the dough (approx. 1.5 tablespoons) and form each portion into a little ball. Then, roll the balls in cocoa powder. Enjoy as a healthy snack!
R577	rack-of-lamb-stuffed-with-dried-figs	5
I577.1	Preheat the grill. Finely chop garlic, rosemary and thyme. Halve dried figs.
I577.2	Mix pomegranate syrup, chopped garlic, rosemary and thyme in a small bowl. Season with salt and pepper.
I577.3	Brush the lamb rack with the syrup, bone side down. Place the figs on top. Lightly season with salt and pepper and drizzle olive oil on top.
I577.4	Tie up the rack so that the bones are facing upwards and it forms a firm sack.
I577.5	Grill the tied lamb rack for approx. 8 – 10 min. turning occasionally for even browning until it is cooked medium. Leave to rest for at least 5 min. Serve with boiled potatoes or a fresh summer salad.
R578	simplified-bouillabaisse	7
I578.1	Peel onion and finely dice. Cut peel off orange and cut orange in half. Roughly chop rosemary and parsley. Mince chili and half of garlic. Cut half of celery, tomatoes, and carrots and all of potatoes, fennel, and bell pepper into bite-sized pieces.
I578.2	Peel and devein shrimp. Fillet fish and cut into large pieces. Set aside one quarter of both the shrimp and fish for garnish.
I578.3	Cover mussels in cold water and set in fridge for approx. 20 min. Mince rest of garlic. Julienne shallots.  Cut remainder of tomatoes, carrots, and celery into bite-sized pieces. Set aside.
I578.4	Heat up some vegetable oil in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add most of shrimp and fish, and some more vegetable oil. Season with salt. Add half of garlic, carrots, celery, tomatoes, and bay leaves and all of the fennel, tomato paste, saffron, all spice, some of the white wine, peeled tomatoes, rosemary, orange peel, lemon zest, and fish stock. Allow to cook for approx. 10 – 15 min.
I578.5	Place a food mill on top of a separate large saucepan. Ladle thicker pieces of soup into food mill and press to remove liquid.
I578.6	Heat up some vegetable oil in a large frying pan over medium heat. Add remainder of shrimp and fish from step 2 to pan and sauté for approx. 5 – 7 min. until opaque. Set aside.
I578.7	Drain water from mussels. In a separate large saucepan, heat up some vegetable oil over medium heat. Add shallots and remainder of tomatoes, garlic, carrots, and celery. Sauté for approx. 5 – 7 min. Then, add rest of bay leaves and parsley, mussels, lemon juice, and remainder of white wine. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Bring to a low boil and cover pan for approx. 10 – 12 min. or until mussels are fully open. Ladle bouillabaisse into a bowl. Garnish with shrimp and/or fish, freshly chopped parsley, and mussels. Enjoy!
R579	meatloaf-with-boiled-potatoes	4
I579.1	Preheat oven to 180°C/350°F. Cut rolls into cubes, transfer to a large mixing bowl, add milk and set aside for approx. 5 min. to soak. In the meantime, mince onions and garlic, and finely chop parsley.
I579.2	In a large bowl, add ground beef, ground pork, raw egg, onions, garlic, parsley, and soaked bread cubes. Season with salt and pepper and mix until thoroughly combined.
I579.3	Lay out a large piece of plastic wrap on your work surface, then lay bacon slices on top, side by side. Spread meat mixture over it evenly, and add the boiled eggs in a line down the center. Use plastic wrap to help roll everything into a log.
I579.4	Transfer log to a large baking tray and add beef stock. Bake at 180°C/350°F for approx. 30 min. When finished baking, transfer pan juices to sauce pan. Add heavy cream, bring to a quick boil, then reduce heat and let simmer until thickened, approx. 3 – 5 min. Serve with boiled potatoes. Enjoy!
R580	easy-seafood-paella	6
I580.1	Peel and finely dice onion and garlic. Cut bell pepper into bite-sized pieces. Prepare shrimp and squid.
I580.2	Heat some oil in a large heavy-bottomed pan. Add shrimp and squid and fry for approx. 5 min. Afterwards, take them out and set side.
I580.3	Again, heat oil in the same pan. Add onions and garlic and sauté for approx. 2 min. Then, add rice and bell pepper and continue to sauté for approx. 2 min.
I580.4	Deglaze with fish stock and white wine. Add saffron, stir well, then bring to boil.
I580.5	Turn down heat to medium-low and keep simmering until almost all liquid is absorbed. Add mussels, cover with lid, and simmer for approx. 5 min. Afterwards, add prawns and squid and keep simmering uncovered for approx. 5 more min., or until liquid is completely absorbed. Stir in peas.
I580.6	Cover with a kitchen towel and let rest for approx. 5 min. Afterwards, sort out unopened mussels and discard. Season with salt, pepper, and lemon juice and serve with basil. Enjoy!
R581	vanilla-ice-cream	5
I581.1	Scrape seeds from vanilla beans and set aside.
I581.2	In a large saucepan, bring milk, cream, vanilla bean seeds, and vanilla beans to a boil. Set aside.
I581.3	In a stand mixer, beat together egg yolks, eggs, and sugar until stiff peaks form.
I581.4	Combine egg mixture with milk and cream mixture in a large bowl. Form a double boiler by placing bowl over a water bath in a large saucepan and stir constantly for approx. 5 – 7 min. until mixture thickens and coats back of spatula. Then, place in fridge and allow to cool for approx. 30 – 35 min.
I581.5	Remove mixture from fridge. Turn on ice cream maker and pour mixture in slowly. Mix for approx. 15 – 20 min. Transfer to bowls for serving. Enjoy!
R582	fresh-pomegranate-orange-juice	3
I582.1	Halve the pomegranate and oranges, then juice them.
I582.2	Stir in the baobab powder and stir until it dissolves.
I582.3	Fill into glasses and top with pollen. Enjoy!
R583	glazed-easter-ham	3
I583.1	Preheat oven to 180°C/350°F. Score a diamond pattern across skin of ham. Peel carrots and then cut lengthwise into quarters.
I583.2	Add juniper berries, coriander seeds, cloves, peppercorns, mustard, water, white wine, sugar, and salt to a small saucepan and cook over medium heat for approx. 5 – 10 min.
I583.3	Roughly chop parsley. Line bottom of baking dish with carrots. Place ham on top, baste with glaze, and bake in preheated oven at 180°C/350°F for approx. 30 – 35 min. Remove from oven, carve, and garnish with roasted carrots and parsley. Baste with remaining glaze and season with salt and pepper. Enjoy!
R584	butterbeer	2
I584.1	In a small saucepan, melt butter over medium-low heat. Add sugar, salt, and cream. Stir thoroughly to mix well and allow to simmer for approx. 3 – 5 min.
I584.2	Add vanilla extract to pan. In a large measuring cup, mix apple juice and ginger ale. Pour contents of the pan into apple juice and ginger ale mixture. Stir carefully and enjoy!
R585	sichuan-style-crispy-pork-belly	2
I585.1	Fill pot a third of the way with water and poach pork belly for approx. 10 min. in boiling water. Drain and slice pork into thin slices. Dice bell peppers into bite-sized pieces. Chop green onion, onion, garlic, and ginger.
I585.2	Heat oil in a wok over medium-high heat and fry pork until golden brown. Add fermented bean paste, garlic, and ginger and sauté for approx. 2 min. Add the bell peppers and season with sugar, red chili flakes, sweet bean sauce, chili sauce, soy sauce, salt, and pepper to taste. Sauté for approx. 2 more min. Serve in a large bowl. Enjoy!
R586	kale-and-almond-butter-smoothie	2
I586.1	Combine all ingredients in a blender.
I586.2	Blend until smooth, approx. 1 min. Enjoy!
R587	shredded-pork-in-hot-garlic-sauce	4
I587.1	Finely mince green onion, ginger, and garlic. Cut garlic sprouts into smaller pieces. Thinly slice pork, mushrooms, and red pepper.
I587.2	In a large bowl, mix pork with egg. Then mix in oil and add starch. Stir well.
I587.3	Heat oil over high heat in a wok. Stir fry pork mixture, keeping some of the egg-starch mixture in the bowl for later. Remove pork as soon as it’s cooked through.
I587.4	Heat wok over high heat and fry green onion, garlic, and ginger. Fold in bean paste and add pickled peppers, red pepper, garlic sprouts, mushrooms, and pork. Transfer stir-fried pork back to wok. Add water, sugar, and soy sauce and toss to coat. Season with salt and pepper. If desired, add more egg-starch mixture to thicken sauce.
R588	spicy-steamed-pork-and-sticky-rice	4
I588.1	Blend star anise, cinnamon, and rice in a food processor for approx. 5 min. or until combined and smooth.
I588.2	In a frying pan set over medium-high heat, sauté the rice mixture until golden brown. Set aside. Then, thinly slice pork belly and finely chop scallions. Mince ginger and garlic. Marinate pork belly in a large bowl together with chinese 5 spice powder, fermented bean sauce, fermented black soy beans, cooking wine, dark soy sauce, garlic, ginger, scallions, and pepper.
I588.3	Mix marinated pork with fried rice, add to a steam basket or heatproof bowl, and steam in a pot of simmering, not boiling, water for approx. 1.5 – 2 hrs. until the pork is tender and the rice is sticky and soft.
I588.4	Enjoy with cilantro on top, if desired!
R589	gruyere-and-black-pepper-popovers	3
I589.1	Preheat oven to 220°C/425°F. Lightly grease popover or muffin tin with butter. Chop chives and grate cheese. In a large measuring cup, mix together eggs, milk, and butter until well combined.
I589.2	Add cheese, chives, flour, pepper, and salt, and stir to combine.
I589.3	Put empty pan in the oven at 220°C/425°F for approx. 5 min. to preheat. Remove pan from heat and fill each tin with batter no more than halfway. Bake for approx. 25 minutes, or until a deep golden brown. Do not open oven door until popovers are done. Cool for a few minutes before removing from pan and serving. Enjoy!
R590	meatballs-in-marinara-sauce	9
I590.1	Finely dice one onion and half a garlic clove.
I590.2	Sauté both in a small frying pan in some vegetable oil until the onion is translucent.
I590.3	Cut basil into fine strips.
I590.4	Next, mix ground beef, breadcrumbs, egg, sautéed onion and garlic, basil, salt, and pepper in a bowl.
I590.5	Use hands to make small balls from the mixture, approx. 3 cm in diameter.
I590.6	For the sauce, dice the onion, carrot, half a garlic clove, mushrooms, and tomatoes.
I590.7	Sauté the cut vegetables in some vegetable oil. Add pureed tomatoes and season with sugar, salt, and pepper. Allow to reduce on a low heat for approx. 15 – 20 min.
I590.8	Meanwhile, finely chop rosemary and thyme.
I590.9	Next, add chopped herbs and meatballs to the tomato sauce and simmer for approx. 10 – 15 minutes with closed lid until the meatballs are cooked. Serve with rice or toasted bread.
R591	rhubarb-bread-pudding	5
I591.1	Preheat oven to 200°C/400°F. Cut brioche and rhubarb into bite-sized pieces.
I591.2	Mix brioche and rhubarb with sugar, vanilla sugar, and a pinch of salt.
I591.3	Grease ovenproof dish with some butter and add brioche and rhubarb mixture.
I591.4	For the custard, whisk together egg whites, egg yolks, and milk. Pour the custard over the rhubarb mixture.
I591.5	Bake in preheated oven covered with aluminum foil for approx. 15 - 20 min. Now, remove the foil and bake until golden brown for another 10 - 15  min. Serve lukewarm and with whipped cream to your liking.
R592	saddle-of-venison-with-brussels-sprouts	7
I592.1	Preheat the oven to 90°C /195°F. Remove the skin and fat from the venison, add salt, and sear for approx.  5 – 7 min. with some vegetable oil. Add butter and game seasoning and finish cooking in the preheated oven for approx. 10 - 15 min.
I592.2	Remove the stalks from the Brussels sprouts and carefully pluck off the larger outer leaves. Halve the remaining Brussels sprout hearts.
I592.3	Sear the Brussels sprout hearts in a small sauce pan with some vegetable oil; season with salt and pepper and a pinch of nutmeg. Next, pour stock onto the Brussels sprouts and bring to a boil for approx. 8 – 10 min.
I592.4	Now, puree the Brussels sprout hearts. Add salt and pepper to taste.
I592.5	Sear the Brussels sprouts leaves in a hot frying pan with some vegetable oil; season with salt and pepper and a pinch of nutmeg.
I592.6	As soon as Brussels sprout leaves have slightly softened (after approx. 2 - 3 min.) add the pine nuts and roast for an additional 1 – 2 min.
I592.7	Slice the saddle of venison and sprinkle salt and pepper on the exposed side. Serve on the Brussels sprout puree and roasted Brussels sprout leaves, adding lingonberry jam to taste.
R593	wheat-beer-punch	2
I593.1	Combine the sparkling wine, wheat beer, raspberry syrup and mixed frozen berries in a measuring cup.
I593.2	Add ice, stir carefully and enjoy.
R594	spinach-and-ricotta-ravioli	9
I594.1	Blanch spinach for approx. 3 – 4 min. in slightly boiling water. Drain and squeeze out water from spinach.
I594.2	Finely chop pine nuts and blanched spinach.
I594.3	Combine spinach, pine nuts, egg yolk, Pecorino, and ricotta cheese. Season generously with salt and pepper.
I594.4	Halve pasta dough. Roll out both halves as thinly as possible on a floured surface with a rolling pin or a pasta machine into 5 cm x 40 cm strips.
I594.5	Mix the other egg yolk with a little bit of water and brush half of the pasta dough strips.
I594.6	Then, place a spoonful of filling approx. every 5 cm on pasta strips that have been brushed with egg wash.
I594.7	Now, cover with one of the other strips of rolled out dough and pinch the dough firmly around the filling.
I594.8	Cut ravioli into squares with a knife or a pasta cutter.
I594.9	Now, boil the finished ravioli in salted boiling water for approx. 4 – 5 min. until they float to the top. Drain well and enjoy plain or with homemade tomato sauce.
R595	clear-your-mind-smoothie	3
I595.1	Slice celery stalk and cut banana into chunks. Pick parsley leaves.
I595.2	Add salad, celery, banana, parsley leaves, and cold water to blender. Pour in chilled orange juice.
I595.3	Blend all ingredients until smooth for approx. 2 – 3 min. Enjoy with ice cubes!
R596	american-apple-pie	6
I596.1	Cut some of butter into large pieces and add to a stand mixer with most of flour, egg yolk, salt, and sugar. Beat for approx. 2 – 3 min. until crumbly. Then, slowly add water, reserving a small amount for the final step, and continue to beat for another 1 – 2 min. until dough is smooth and uniform in consistency. Wrap dough in plastic wrap and transfer to refrigerator. Allow to set for approx. 1 h.
I596.2	Preheat oven to 180°C/350°F. Cut dough into two even rounds. Then, flour work surface, place dough on top, and roll out, one at a time, using a rolling pin until rounds are larger than your pie dish.
I596.3	Flour both sides of dough and transfer to pie dish. Press evenly into all edges of dish and then remove excess dough. Place a piece of parchment paper on top of dish and fill with pie weights. Place in preheated oven at 180°C/350°F and blind bake for approx. 10 min.
I596.4	Peel, core, and quarter apples. Then, cut crosswise into medallion-sized pieces.
I596.5	In a large bowl, thoroughly mix together apple, lemon juice, cinnamon, nutmeg, flour, sugar, and brown sugar.
I596.6	Transfer apple slices to pie dish and spread out evenly. Cut remainder of butter into pieces and place on top of apples. Cover pie with rest of dough. Make a small hole in the middle, so air can escape. Mix together egg white and water and brush on top. Return to oven and bake at 180°C/350°F for approx. 50 – 55 min. until golden brown. Enjoy!
R597	grilled-chorizo-and-shrimp-cheeseburger	5
I597.1	Preheat the grill. Halve and butter burger buns. Grill for approx. 1 – 2 min. per side. Set aside.
I597.2	Cut bell pepper into four equally sized pieces. Cut chorizo into thick slices.
I597.3	Place bell pepper, chorizo slices and shrimp on grill. Turn approx. after 2 – 3 min. Cover chorizo with some cheese.
I597.4	In the meantime, mix mayonnaise, ketchup, Tabasco, lemon juice, paprika, salt, and pepper in a small bowl.
I597.5	Spread dip on the lower bun and top with arugula, chorizo slices, shrimp, and bell pepper. Finish off with another layer of dip and the upper burger bun.
R598	healthy-xmas-cookies	3
I598.1	Preheat oven to 170°C/335°F. In a standing mixer, beat together ground almonds, protein powder, egg yolk, Splenda, lemon juice, butter, and carob powder for approx. 2 – 3 min. until dough has a crumbly texture.
I598.2	Knead dough to a ball and then form crescent shaped cookies. Place on a lined baking sheet and bake in a preheated oven at 170°C/335°F for approx. 8 – 10 min.
I598.3	While the cookies are still warm, lightly coat with vanilla sugar. Enjoy.
R599	turkish-flatbread	7
I599.1	Preheat oven to its hottest setting (230°C - 300°C/450°F - 475°F) and put a pizza stone or a baking sheet inside to preheat. In a large bowl, sift spelt flour together with salt and gradually add lukewarm water and olive oil. Knead dough well for approx. 5 min., until soft and elastic.
I599.2	Portion into dough balls about the size of a tennis ball, cover with a wet paper towel and leave for about 10 min. to rest.
I599.3	Put tomatoes in a heatproof bowl and pour hot water over to cover. Leave for approx. 30. sec., then cool rapidly in an ice bath before peeling.
I599.4	Finely chop flat leave parsley. Set half of it aside for garnish. In a large bowl, mix together minced lamb, diced tomatoes, half of the chopped parsley, tomato paste, dried wild garlic, garlic oil, crushed chili flakes, and cumin. Season with salt and pepper
I599.5	On a well-floured surface, roll your dough balls into large rounds, about 1/2 cm-/1/4 inch-thick. Transfer to parchment paper.
I599.6	Spread the lamb mixture thinly on top of the dough and press down gently with your fingertips. Transfer pizza with parchment paper into the oven, carefully pulling it onto the hot baking sheet. Bake for approx. 5 – 8 min. or until slightly bubbly and brown at the edges. Repeat to use up the rest of the dough and topping.
I599.7	Sprinkle with parsley. If desired, add lemon juice and sumac to taste. Roll up and enjoy!
R600	quail-eggs-in-a-glass	6
I600.1	Thinly slice carrots, leek, bell pepper, and baby corn.
I600.2	Toast sesame seeds in a frying pan over low-medium heat for approx. 3 – 4 min. until fragrant and golden.
I600.3	In a large bowl, mix sliced carrots, leek, bell pepper, and baby corn with sweet chili sauce and soy sauce.
I600.4	Add toasted sesame seeds and mix well.
I600.5	Cook quail eggs in boiling water for approx. 3 - 4 min.". Let cool slightly and remove eggshells.
I600.6	Assemble salad and eggs in a glass. Serve warm and enjoy!
R601	pea-soup-with-smoked-trout-and-mint	6
I601.1	Peel and roughly chop potato, onion, and garlic. Cut smoked trout into bite-sized pieces.
I601.2	Melt butter in a large saucepan on medium heat. Add chopped potato, onion, and garlic and sauté for approx. 2 – 3 min. Add some of the frozen peas and some of the mint. Season with salt and pepper and continue to cook for approx. 2 – 3 min.
I601.3	Deglaze with vegetable stock, bring to a boil, then reduce heat and let simmer for approx. 10 – 15 min., until potatoes are cooked through. Add remaining frozen peas. Remove from heat and purée with a hand blender.
I601.4	Transfer back to stove and continue to simmer on medium heat for approx. 5 min. Add lemon zest.
I601.5	In a small bowl, mix together crème fraîche and horseradish. Season with salt and pepper.
I601.6	Serve soup with crème fraîche mixture, some pieces of smoked trout, and mint. Season with some more pepper and olive oil, if desired.
R602	mediterranean-pasta-with-pimientos	5
I602.1	Cook pasta according to the package instructions in salted, boiling water until al dente. Drain and set to one side.
I602.2	Meanwhile, remove the seeds from the chili pepper and chop finely. Finely dice zucchini, carrot, onion, garlic and dried tomatoes.
I602.3	Finely chop rosemary and thyme.
I602.4	Fry vegetables in some vegetable oil and season with sugar, salt and pepper. Pour in pureed tomatoes, chopped herbs, and chili. Saute for approx. 5 - 10 min. until sauce has thickened.
I602.5	In a second pan, fry Padrón peppers in some vegetable oil and add plenty of salt. Toss the noodles in the sauce and serve in a deep dish with the fried Padrón peppers on top.
R603	marinated-shrimp-with-mango-salsa	6
I603.1	Preheat the grill. Peel garlic, remove green sprout, and finely chop with rosemary and thyme leaves.
I603.2	In a resealable bag, marinate shrimp in olive oil, chopped rosemary, thyme, garlic, salt and pepper. Chill for approx. 10 min.
I603.3	In the meantime, finely dice mango and chop cilantro.
I603.4	Mix diced mango with chopped cilantro and season with salt and pepper to taste.
I603.5	Remove marinated shrimp from the fridge and skewer 3 shrimp on each lemongrass stalk.
I603.6	Grill the skewers on each side for approx. 2 – 3 min. until the shrimp are opaque throughout. Season with salt and pepper. Top with mango salsa to serve.
R604	rose-cupcakes	5
I604.1	Quarter apples, remove core, and then cut crosswise into thin strips.
I604.2	Add apple slices and lemon juice to a large bowl. Stir well to combine. Then, add apple, lemon juice, and cinnamon stick to a small saucepan with some of the water, bring to a simmer, and cook for approx. 2 – 3 min. Remove from heat, drain, and set aside.
I604.3	Preheat oven to 190°C/375°F. Roll out puff pastry and cut lengthwise into strips approx. the width of 4 fingers.
I604.4	In a small saucepan, bring apricot jam and rest of the water to a simmer over medium heat for approx. 3 – 5 min. Stir well to combine. Remove from heat and set aside.
I604.5	Spread apricot jam evenly over puff pastry strips. Then, form a row of apple slices, half-moon side facing up, on top of jam. Fold bottom half of puff pastry up so that apple slices are tucked inside. Carefully roll from side to side to form a rose. Transfer to a lightly greased muffin tin and bake in a preheated oven at 190°C/375°F for approx. 30 – 35 min. Enjoy!
R605	braised-chicken-and-artichokes	4
I605.1	Preheat oven to 190°C/375°F. Add juice of half of lemon  to a large bowl of water. Remove outer leaves of artichokes until you reach the pale yellow center, periodically dipping the artichoke into the lemon water to prevent browning. Peel base and stem of artichoke, then slice off the top third of the artichoke leaves. Slice in half, then use a spoon to scoop out the fuzzy center and purple prickly leaves. Slice halves into thirds. Peel and crush garlic, slice other half of lemon, and halve tomatoes.
I605.2	Pat chicken legs dry with a paper towel, then season with salt and pepper. Heat a large ovenproof frying pan over medium-high heat. Add olive oil and chicken and cook until browned on all sides. Transfer to a plate.
I605.3	Add artichokes and garlic to the same pan and sauté until golden brown. Add tomatoes and red pepper flakes and stir for approx. 1 more min. Deglaze with wine, then add olives, rosemary, and oregano. Return chicken to pan, top with lemon slices, and bring to a simmer. Cover pan with lid and transfer to oven. Cook at 190°C/375°F until chicken is cooked through and tender, approx. 30 min.
I605.4	Transfer chicken to a plate, then return pan to stove and simmer sauce over medium-high heat until thickened slightly, approx. 3 min. Stir in butter. Return chicken to pan and season to taste with more lemon juice, salt, and pepper, if desired. Garnish with oregano. Enjoy!
R606	spaghetti-allamatriciana-with-crispy-sage	6
I606.1	Fill a large saucepan half full with salted water and bring to a boil. Pluck sage leaves from sprigs. Crush garlic and roughly chop. Cut peperoncino in half, remove seeds, and finely dice. Finely dice onion. Cut pancetta into large pieces. Halve tomatoes and then cut into small cubes.
I606.2	Heat up olive oil in a large frying pan over high heat. Add sage leaves to pan and cook for approx. 1 min. until crispy. Take care not to burn the leaves! Transfer to a paper towel-lined plate to dry. Keep oil in pan.
I606.3	In same frying pan, cook pancetta over high heat for approx. 3 min. Then add garlic, onion, and peperoncino and continue to cook for another 2 min. over medium heat. Season to taste with salt and pepper.
I606.4	Add spaghetti to saucepan and cook for approximately 8 – 10 min. according to package instructions. Finely grate pecorino.
I606.5	Meanwhile, add tomato to pan and cook for approximately 5 min. Then add a bit of the pasta water, as well as two-thirds of the pecorino. Drain pasta, add to frying pan, and stir well to combine. Season to taste with salt and pepper. To serve, top with remaining pecorino and crispy sage leaves.
I606.6	Kochhaus wishes you happy cooking!
R607	fennel-arugula-and-apple-salad	4
I607.1	Chop celery stalks into ½-cm/¼-inch pieces. Roughly chop tarragon leaves and mince shallot. Trim and thinly slice fennel bulb with mandolin. Core and slice apples on mandolin, then julienne.
I607.2	Toast pine nuts over medium heat until golden brown and fragrant, then set aside to cool.
I607.3	In a small bowl or blender, combine olive oil, honey, lemon juice, shallot, and salt and pepper until emulsified. Add fennel, celery, apples, and arugula to a large bowl. Toss with dressing until combined, then adjust seasoning as needed.
I607.4	Transfer salad to a serving platter and garnish with shavings of pecorino, pine nuts, and chopped tarragon. Enjoy!
R608	chili-con-carne	5
I608.1	Finely dice chili. Dice onion.
I608.2	Heat up some vegetable oil in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add ground beef and sauté for approx. 2 – 3 min. before adding chili and onions. Avoid stirring too much so that meat stays flavorful.
I608.3	Add tomato paste to saucepan and continue to sauté for approx. 2 – 3 min. Season with salt and pepper.
I608.4	Add canned tomatoes, sweet corn, and kidney beans. Stir well to combine.
I608.5	Leave to simmer for approx. 15 – 18 min. over low-medium heat. Stir occasionally. Season to taste with sugar, salt and pepper. Enjoy with aromatic rice and serve with sour cream.
R609	whole-wheat-pasta-alla-norma	4
I609.1	Cook pasta in plenty of salted boiling water, according to package instructions, for approx. 10 – 12 min. until al dente. Drain, save some pasta water, and set aside.
I609.2	Peel onion and garlic cloves and chop finely. Dice eggplant into cubes.
I609.3	Heat up some olive oil in a large frying pan and sauté onion and garlic for about 2 – 4 min. until translucent. Add eggplant to pan and fry for approx. 6 – 8 min. until browned on all sides and somewhat soft.
I609.4	Add whole peeled tomatoes and thyme leaves. Boil everything over medium heat for about 5 – 8 min. Season generously with salt and pepper. Toss cooked pasta in the sauce and serve in deep plates with a dollop of ricotta and fresh basil.
R610	cinnamon-star-cookies	4
I610.1	Preheat oven to 150°C/300°F. Add ground almonds, part of the confectioner’s sugar and cinnamon to a standing mixer.
I610.2	Separate some of the eggs. Add egg whites and amaretto to standing mixer and beat until smooth.
I610.3	To make the meringue, separate remaining eggs. Add whites as well as remaining confectioner’s sugar to a clean mixer bowl. Beat until stiff peaks form.
I610.4	Roll dough out between some plastic wrap to avoid sticking. Using a cookie cutter, cut out star-shaped cookies and transfer to a lined baking sheet. Brush with meringue and bake in preheated oven at 150°C/300°F for approx. 15 – 20 min.
R611	warming-mulled-wine	5
I611.1	Roughly chop orange and lemon.
I611.2	Caramelize sugar in a large saucepan and deglaze with grape juice. Stir until caramel is dissolved.
I611.3	Add chopped citrus fruit, cloves, bay leaf, star anise, juniper berries, and cinnamon. Bring to a boil and let simmer over low heat for approx. 10 – 15 min.
I611.4	Add red wine, gently warming it up for approx. 5 min. Do not boil, as this would burn off the alcohol in the wine.
I611.5	Remove spices from mulled wine if desired. Serve hot.
R612	classic-hot-chocolate-with-whipped-cream	4
I612.1	Roughly chop chocolate.
I612.2	Heat milk in a small saucepan over medium heat. Add star anise, cloves, and chopped chocolate and stir gently until dissolved. Leave to simmer for approx. 5 – 10 min. Stir occasionally.
I612.3	In the meantime, beat cream in a measuring cup using a hand mixer with beaters until stiff.
I612.4	Remove star anise and cloves from hot chocolate. Pour into cups and top off with a dollop of whipped cream. Sprinkle with chocolate shavings and enjoy!
R613	frozen-margarita	3
I613.1	Place some coarse salt onto a plate and moisten the rims of 2 glasses. Dip the rims into the salt and set aside. Slice lime into wedges for garnish.
I613.2	Blend ice cubes, tequila, triple sec, lime juice, and simple syrup in a blender until smooth.
I613.3	Fill glasses with margarita and garnish with a lime wedge or two. Cheers!
R614	bacon-stuffed-cauliflower	5
I614.1	Place cauliflower in a large pot and cover with water. Add a pinch of salt. Bring to a boil and let simmer over medium-high heat for approx. 5 – 10 min.
I614.2	Preheat oven to 200°C/400ºF. Cut smoked bacon and red onion into large pieces. Slice green ends of scallions, mince garlic, and finely chop parsley.
I614.3	Transfer cauliflower to baking dish. Stuff with bacon and red onion in between florets.
I614.4	Stuff cauliflower with scallion greens and sprinkle with garlic. Transfer to oven and roast for approx. 25 min. at 200°C/400ºF, or until golden. If a knife slides into the cauliflower easily, it's ready.
I614.5	Meanwhile, in a small bowl, stir together yogurt and finely chopped parsley. Add salt and pepper to taste. Serve cauliflower alongside yogurt dip. Enjoy!
R615	lemon-cake	4
I615.1	Beat soft butter, sugar, and vanilla sugar until creamy. This step is important and shouldn’t be skipped. Add lemon zest and part of the lemon juice, and mix. Add eggs individually and mix well after each egg. The batter should now be creamy and beige or light yellow. It’s best to use free-range eggs, as they are better for the hens and give a nicer color to the cake.
I615.2	Mix cornstarch, flour, and baking powder in a second bowl. Sift flour and baking powder first. Instead of flour, you can use ground almonds or hazelnuts (the gluten-free alternative). Add dry ingredients to butter mixture and mix well. Add yogurt with a cooking spoon. The batter should be light and fluffy, but not runny, similar to the consistency of Nutella.
I615.3	Grease cake pan (I used a small 18-cm round one) and pour batter into pan. Bake approx. 50 min. at 170°C/350°F. As temperatures can vary from oven to oven, use wooden skewer to test cake for doneness. If skewer comes out dry, cake is done.
I615.4	Prepare icing while cake is baking. Sift confectioner’s sugar and mix well with part of the lemon juice. Best to use a teaspoon or small whisk. Pour icing over cake when it’s still warm and decorate as you fancy. I used lime zest. Enjoy!
R616	red-velvet-cupcakes	7
I616.1	Preheat oven to 180°C/350°F. Beat eggs until foamy. Slowly add in sugar while continuously beating. Add vegetable oil.
I616.2	Now, slowly add food coloring. Depending on which kind of food coloring you are using, you might need a little more or less.
I616.3	Combine flour, cocoa powder, baking powder, seeds of the vanilla bean, and a pinch of salt in a large bowl.
I616.4	Alternate adding dry ingredients and buttermilk to the egg mixture. Start and end with the dry ingredients. Beat until everything is well combined.
I616.5	Transfer batter into lined muffin tins. An ice cream scoop works well for this. Bake muffins in a preheated oven at 180°C/350°F for approx. 10 – 15 min. Then, remove from oven and let cool.
I616.6	For the icing, beat cream cheese, soft butter, and confectioner’s sugar until smooth.
I616.7	Fill the buttercream into prepared piping bags and start piping. Make sure that the cupcakes have enough time to cool. Otherwise, the buttercream will start melting. Enjoy with a cup of coffee or tea.
R617	rice-pudding-with-baked-plums	4
I617.1	Preheat the oven to 200°C/400°F. Halve the plums, remove the pit and cut into wedges. Place in a baking dish.
I617.2	Combine plum juice with port wine and sugar. Add the cinnamon stick.
I617.3	Pour the mixture evenly over the plums. Turn the plums in the sauce and bake in a preheated oven at 200°C/400°F for approx. 30 min.
I617.4	Bring rice milk to a boil. Add the rice and vanilla seeds. Simmer for 30 min., stirring occasionally. Serve the rice pudding and baked plums warm with a pinch of cinnamon.
R618	mango-salad-with-popcorn	6
I618.1	To make the spicy popcorn, heat vegetable oil, then add popping corn and allow to pop on medium heat with a closed lid. When finished, season the popcorn as desired with chili powder and salt.
I618.2	Roast pine nuts in a pan until golden. In the meantime, wash and dry the mixed curly leaf lettuce. For best results, use a salad spinner.
I618.3	Now, peel the mango and carefully cut the flesh from the stone. Next, slice the two large sides of the fruit into fine strips.
I618.4	Place the mango slices decoratively on plate.
I618.5	For the dressing, puree the rest of the mango, vegetable stock, white wine vinegar, vegetable oil, half of the chili powder, sugar, and salt and pepper with a hand blender.
I618.6	Place the salad on the four plates, drizzle with the dressing, and finally add the toasted pine nuts and spicy popcorn on top.
R619	gingerbread-smoothie	2
I619.1	Add coconut milk, bananas, agave nectar, vanilla extract, cinnamon, nutmeg, and cloves to blender. Grate and add ginger. Blend to combine.
I619.2	Add ice cubes if desired, blend until smooth, and enjoy.
R620	grilled-camembert	3
I620.1	Preheat the grill. Place camembert on a square of aluminum foil and brush it with some olive oil. Top with sprigs of rosemary, thyme and crushed garlic clove.
I620.2	Wrap the foil around the cheese to form a firm parcel and place it onto the grill. Grill for approx. 15 – 20 min. until the cheese is soft.
I620.3	Cut the baguette lengthwise and grill shortly on both sides until it is crispy. Butter lightly and gently rub with garlic clove. Serve with camembert and vegetable sticks.
R621	breakfast-bars	6
I621.1	Preheat oven to 130°C/270°F. Roughly chop dried fruit, almonds, and peanuts.
I621.2	In a small saucepan, heat up condensed milk over medium heat and cook for approx. 3 – 5 min.
I621.3	In a large bowl, combine cranberries, almonds, peanuts, coconut flakes, oats, puffed wheat, and lime juice.
I621.4	Add warm sweetened condensed milk to bowl and stir thoroughly until ingredients are well combined.
I621.5	Transfer breakfast bar mixture to a parchment-lined baking dish and smooth top with a spatula. Place in preheated oven and bake at 130°C/270°F for approx. 45 – 50 min. until golden. Remove from oven and let cool for approx. 10 min.
I621.6	Cut breakfast bars into rectangular pieces. Enjoy!
R622	light-penne-with-asparagus-and-smoked-salmon	6
I622.1	Cook pasta in plenty of salted boiling water, according to package instructions, for approx. 8 –10 min. until al dente. Drain, save some of the pasta water and set aside.
I622.2	Trim wooden ends of asparagus. Then, cut into bite-sized pieces at a slight angle.
I622.3	Zest lemons and squeeze out the juice. Pick thyme leaves and chop finely with the dill.
I622.4	Fry asparagus in some olive oil for approx. 8 – 10 min. until tender. Season with 2/3 of the lemon zest and juice.
I622.5	Add cooked pasta and thyme leaves to pan and toss. Season generously with salt and pepper.
I622.6	Combine fresh goat cheese with dill and the remaining lemon zest and juice. Top pasta with a dollop of the cheese and add smoked salmon on top to serve.
R623	grilled-chicken-piccata	4
I623.1	Slice chicken breasts in half horizontally to create 8 thin pieces. Mince shallot and garlic, slice lemon, and chop parsley.
I623.2	Heat grill to medium-high heat and brush with a little oil if needed. When hot, grill chicken, turning once, until cooked through, approx. 5 min. per side.
I623.3	Meanwhile, heat olive oil in pan over medium heat. Add garlic and shallot and cook until fragrant, approx. 2 – 3 min. Turn heat up to medium-high and add wine. Simmer for another minute, then add chicken broth. Whisk flour into the pan until smooth and continue to cook another couple of minutes until thickened. Add lemon juice, capers, and butter, and mix until butter is melted. Adjust seasonings to taste.
I623.4	When chicken is ready, pour sauce over it, sprinkle with parsley, and top with lemon slices. Enjoy!
R624	devils-food-cake	7
I624.1	Preheat oven to 180°C/355°F. Place parts of the butter, espresso, honey, and milk in a saucepan. Slowly heat until butter is melted.
I624.2	In a large bowl, whisk together cocoa powder, all-purpose flour, sugar, baking powder, and seeds from the vanilla bean.
I624.3	Beat eggs until slightly foamy. Add melted butter mixture. Then slowly add in flour mixture and continue to beat until smooth.
I624.4	Transfer dough to 2 springform pans. Bake in a preheated oven at 180°C/355°F for approx. 25 min.
I624.5	In the meantime, roughly chop chocolate. Heat heavy cream in a saucepan. Next, combine hot heavy cream, chocolate, and remaining butter in a large bowl. Stir until fully combined and set aside to cool for approx. 8 – 10 min.
I624.6	Release the cake and spread a generous amount of the chocolate mixture onto the first cake base.
I624.7	Place the second cake base on top and cover the whole cake with remaining chocolate ganache. Serve with a cup of coffee or tea.
R625	creamy-walnut-parfait	10
I625.1	Roughly chop walnuts.
I625.2	Caramelize sugar in a frying pan until amber colored. Next, add chopped walnuts and stir into the caramel.
I625.3	Spread caramelized nuts onto a sheet of parchment paper and leave to cool. Then roughly chop again.
I625.4	Soften gelatin in cold water.
I625.5	Whisk egg yolks and honey together until fluffy. Stir in Grand Marnier and a pinch of salt.
I625.6	Boil milk and vanilla extract in a small sauce pan. Remove the softened gelatin from the water and add to the hot milk. Stir until gelatin has dissolved.
I625.7	Next, stir the hot milk into the egg mixture with a whisk. Leave the mixture to cool down to room temperature for approx. 1 hour.
I625.8	Whip the heavy cream until stiff peaks form. Mix the chopped, caramelized walnuts into the parfait mixture and carefully fold in whipped cream.
I625.9	Put the mixture into a loaf pan lined with plastic wrap and freeze for at least 4 hours.
I625.10	Allow the parfait to defrost slightly before serving. Use the plastic wrap to remove from the pan and cut into slices to serve.
R626	french-fougasse-with-sun-dried-tomatoes	4
I626.1	Drain the dried tomatoes and cut into fine strips. Next, process all ingredients into a smooth dough, using either a standing mixer or your hands.
I626.2	On a lightly floured work surface, work the dough into an approx. 1.5 cm thick leaf shape.
I626.3	Using a sharp knife, cut out individual sections of the dough. Transfer the fougasse onto a baking rack, cover and leave to rise in a warm place for approx. 20 min.
I626.4	Meanwhile, preheat the oven to 220°C/ 428°F. Bake the fougasse in the preheated oven for approx. 20 - 25 min. until golden brown. Serve warm with aioli or other chosen dips.
R627	prawns-with-salsa-rosa	3
I627.1	In a bowl, mix together crème fraîche, ketchup, cognac, hot sauce, sugar, salt, and pepper. Squeeze lime and add juice to the bowl.
I627.2	Remove shell from prawns. Trim stem of endives and chop it. Finely chop dill and dice avocado.
I627.3	Transfer endives, avocado and prawns to a serving glass and top with salsa rosa. Serve with chopped dill.
R628	hearty-beef-stew	5
I628.1	Finely slice onion and mince garlic.
I628.2	Heat some vegetable oil in a large saucepan over high heat. Sear cubed beef on all sides.
I628.3	Add onion and garlic and sauté for approx. 3 min. until translucent. Add tomato paste and sauté until fragrant. Add cayenne pepper, paprika, caraway seeds, nutmeg, and bay leaf. Season with salt and pepper.
I628.4	Add tomatoes and then enough water until meat is submerged. Simmer covered for approx. 1.5 hrs over low heat until the meat is tender.
I628.5	Cut bell peppers into bite-sized pieces and add to stew. Simmer for another approx. 20 - 30 min. until softened. Remove bay leaf and serve hot topped with sour cream.
R629	chilled-pineapple-and-persage-soup	8
I629.1	Zest all limes and squeeze the juice from half of the limes.
I629.2	Caramelize sugar and deglaze with lime juice.
I629.3	Add pineapple juice.
I629.4	Add lime zest and bring to a gentle boil.
I629.5	Add pearl sago and simmer on low heat for approx. 15 - 20 min., according to package instructions, stirring occasionally.
I629.6	In the meantime, peel and core pineapple. Cut the flesh into small cubes.
I629.7	Add the pineapple cubes to the pearl sago and gently simmer on  low heat for approx. 5 min. Transfer everything into a large bowl and allow to cool for 10 min. Then chill for at least 1 hour.
I629.8	Slice the mint into fine strips and add to the chilled fruit soup, along with the cayenne pepper to taste. Pour into serving glasses and garnish with fresh mint leaves.
R630	simple-mediterranean-pasta-salad	5
I630.1	Cook pasta in salted boiling water, according to package instructions, for approx. 8 – 10 min. until al dente. Drain and leave to cool.
I630.2	Halve red onion and cut into thin rings. Drain sun-dried tomatoes, saving the oil, and cut into thin strips. Halve cherry tomatoes and cut grilled bell pepper into bite-sized pieces.
I630.3	Toast pine nuts in a small frying pan until golden.
I630.4	Combine cooked pasta with onion, cherry tomatoes, bell pepper, sun-dried tomatoes, toasted pine nuts, and arugula. Add sun-dried tomato oil and balsamic vinegar. Season generously with salt and pepper.
I630.5	Tear Serrano ham into pieces and add to salad. Mix well and top with Parmesan shavings to serve.
R631	eggs-benedict	6
I631.1	For the hollandaise, boil down white wine, some of the white wine vinegar, fresh tarragon, peppercorns, and mustard seeds in a small saucepan until half the liquid has evaporated.
I631.2	Pass liquid through a sieve and whisk with the egg yolks in a heat-resistant bowl over a bain-marie until the mixture has slightly thickened.
I631.3	Now, gradually fold in warm, melted butter into the foamy mass, while beating constantly. Season with salt to taste and set aside.
I631.4	Heat up some water in a large sauce pan until it simmers. Add rest of white wine vinegar and poach eggs in the water for approx. 2 – 3 min. Drain on a plate lined with paper towels.
I631.5	In the meantime, fry ham in frying pan on both sides for approx. 1 – 2 min. until crispy.
I631.6	Halve English muffins, top each with a slice of ham and a poached egg. Sprinkle with some salt and warm hollandaise sauce.
R632	cauliflower-crust-pizza-with-smoked-salmon	4
I632.1	Preheat oven to 180°C/350°F. Cut cauliflower into small florets. Fill a large saucepan half full with water, bring to a boil, add cauliflower and salt, and cook for approx. 8 – 10 min. until tender. Remove from heat and drain.
I632.2	Now, place cauliflower in a large bowl and puree using a hand masher. Add grated cheese, egg yolk, chia seeds, oregano, and almond flour to bowl. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Mix thoroughly to form into dough.
I632.3	Place dough between two sheets of parchment paper and roll out using a rolling pin. Discard top layer of parchment paper, transfer to a baking sheet, and bake in preheated oven at 180°C/350°F for approx. 15 – 20 min.
I632.4	Spread ricotta evenly over crust. Then, top pizza off with salmon, shrimp, pine nuts, and freshly grated horseradish. Garnish with fresh dill.
R633	goat-cheese-stuffed-artichokes	5
I633.1	Preheat oven to 200°C/400°F. Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Meanwhile, slice off stems and top one-third of the artichokes. Transfer to boiling water and cook for approx. 15 – 20 min., or until stems are tender when pricked with a knife, then drain.
I633.2	Cube bread and roughly chop pine nuts. In a large bowl combine bread, pine nuts, softened butter, and thyme leaves and mix until combined. Set aside.
I633.3	In a small saucepan, warm cream and goat cheese over low heat, stirring until smooth. Remove from heat, continue to stir, and add egg yolk and Parmesan. Season with pepper to taste.
I633.4	Scrape out fuzzy center and purple prickly leaves from centers of artichokes. Transfer artichokes to a baking sheet and fill the centers of each halfway with cheese sauce. Sprinkle bread crumb mixture evenly over each.
I633.5	Bake artichokes at 200°C/400°F for approx. 10 – 15 min., or until cheese is bubbly and breadcrumbs are golden brown. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Drizzle with honey. Enjoy!
R634	corn-muffins-with-bacon-herbs-and-feta	5
I634.1	Fry bacon over medium heat until crispy. Set aside to drain and cool on a paper towel-lined plate. Cube feta and chop herbs and cooled bacon. Beat eggs.
I634.2	Preheat oven to 200°C/400°F. Combine cornmeal, flour, salt, pepper, chopped herbs, and baking powder in a large bowl.
I634.3	Whisk together milk, maple syrup, beaten eggs, and oil, then add to dry ingredients and stir to combine.
I634.4	Let batter rest while you grease or line muffin tin. Fold feta and bacon gently into batter.
I634.5	Fill muffin cups about halfway and bake for approx. 15 – 20 min. at 200°C/400°F, or until golden brown and set. Let cool in pan for a few minutes before transferring to a rack to cool slightly before serving.
R635	thai-green-curry-with-shrimp	8
I635.1	Puree mustard seeds, cumin, ginger, garlic, cilantro, turmeric, and chili pepper in a food processor until an even consistency is achieved.
I635.2	Cut eggplant into cubes (approx. 1 cm x 1 cm). Slice spinach and bok choy.
I635.3	Add vegetable oil to your hot pan and fry cubed eggplant for approx. 8 – 10 min. until well-browned and softened.
I635.4	Add prepared curry paste and fry for approx. 2 – 3 min. to build intense flavor.
I635.5	Add coconut milk, lemon grass, bok choy, and soybean sprouts. Allow sauce to reduce over medium-high heat until slightly thickened. Stir occasionally.
I635.6	Add vegetable stock and bring to a boil. Add shrimp and cook for approx. 4 – 5 min. on medium-high heat until they are opaque throughout.
I635.7	In the meantime, cut limes into wedges and pick cilantro leaves from sprig.
I635.8	Now, add spinach to the curry and simmer for approx. 2 – 3 min. until wilted. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Serve on some rice topped with lime and cilantro leaves.
R636	superfood-green-smoothie	2
I636.1	Roughly chop apple, cucumber, cashews, and avocado.
I636.2	Add chopped apple, cucumber, cashews and avocado to blender. Add spinach, water, lime juice, agave syrup. Pour in almond milk. Then, blend on high until smooth, approx. 2 – 3 min. Enjoy right away!
R637	braised-pork-belly	4
I637.1	Cut ginger into thin slices and green onion into large chunks. Mince garlic. Cut pork into bite-sized cubes.
I637.2	Fill wok one third of the way full with hot water. Place pork belly in water, bring to a boil, and cook for approx. 5 – 7 min. Strain and set aside.
I637.3	Add vegetable oil and sugar to wok and cook over medium-low heat for approx. 3 – 5 min. until it begins to lightly caramelize . Carefully add a bit of water to thin out caramel. Remove sugar from wok and set aside .
I637.4	Heat oil over medium-high heat, return pork to pan, and cook until fat has rendered, approx. 4 – 6 min. Discard excess oil from pan and then add green onion, ginger, garlic, chilis, star anise, cinnamon, and bay leaves. Return caramelized sugar to pan and cook for approx. 1 – 2 min. until all ingredients are evenly coated in sugar. Next, add soy sauce, wine, tofu, and water. Reduce heat to low and cook for approx. 1 – 2 hrs. until volume has reduced by half and sauce has thickened. Enjoy with aromatic rice!
R638	irish-coffee-macarons	6
I638.1	Preheat oven to 140°C/285°F. Using a food processor, blend egg whites until stiff peaks form.
I638.2	Sift confectioner’s sugar and almonds through a fine sieve on top of the stiff egg whites.
I638.3	Carefully fold sugar and almond mixture into egg whites.
I638.4	Fill a piping bag with macaron mixture. Pipe onto a baking sheet lined with a macaron baking mat. Tap hard onto kitchen counter to release any air bubbles. Let stand at room temperature for approx. 30 – 40 min. Then, bake in preheated oven at 140°C/285°F for approx. 12 – 15 min.
I638.5	Cut butter into pieces. Finely chop chocolate and transfer to a large bowl. Then, heat up Baileys in a small saucepan over medium heat for approx. 1 – 2 min. Add instant espresso and mix until dissolved. Pour warm Baileys into bowl to melt chocolate.  Once chocolate is melted, add butter, piece by piece, to bowl and stir thoroughly until well combined. Fill cream into piping bag.
I638.6	Pipe coffee buttercream onto the bottom half of a macaron. Place another half on top and lightly press. Repeat until macarons are assembled. Enjoy with a cup of coffee!
R639	rhubarb-meringue-cake	8
I639.1	Preheat oven to 175°C/350°F. Bring butter and eggs to room temperature and butter springform pan. Chop rhubarb.
I639.2	Combine some of the sugar with rhubarb and let sit for approx. 30 minutes.
I639.3	Transfer rhubarb to a sieve set over a bowl and let drain for approx. 15 - 20 minutes. Pat dry.
I639.4	Stir together flour, ground almonds, salt, and baking powder and set aside. Cream butter and some of the sugar until light and fluffy, then add eggs one at a time, mixing until well combined. Stir in vanilla.
I639.5	Carefully fold flour mixture into the batter until combined.
I639.6	Spread batter evenly into springform pan. Top with drained rhubarb and bake for approx. 20 min., or until the dough begins to turn golden brown.
I639.7	While the cake bakes, beat egg whites in a clean bowl with a clean whisk on medium speed until they start to foam; add salt and lemon juice. Increase speed gradually until soft peaks form, then slowly incorporate sugar until meringue is stiff and shiny.
I639.8	Spread meringue over rhubarb and return the cake to the oven for approx. 15 min., or until the meringue turns golden brown. Let the cake cool completely. Before removing it from the pan, run a sharp knife along the sides of the cake to loosen it. Enjoy!
R640	salmon-and-vegetables-in-parchment	4
I640.1	Preheat the oven to 160°C/ 320°F. Cut bell pepper, zucchini and egglant into small cubes.
I640.2	Slice onion and leek thinly.
I640.3	Marinate the sliced vegetables in a large bowl with olive oil, mint, a crushed clove of garlic, rosemary, thyme, salt, and pepper.
I640.4	Distribute the vegetables over two sheets of parchment paper. Cut salmon into portions and place on top of the vegetables. Sprinkle with salt and almond slices. Place some lemon slices on top. Fold parchment paper over and cook in oven for approx. 20 - 25 min. at 160°C/ 320°F. Cut the parchment paper open at the top and open slightly to serve.
R641	mexican-chicken-with-corn-waffles	8
I641.1	Preheat oven to 180°C/350°F. Finely chop onions and dice tomatoes. Debone chicken thighs.
I641.2	Add onions, tomatoes, chilis, peanuts, almonds, clove, cinnamon, sesame seeds, and olive oil to a blender. Blend for approx. 2 – 3 min. into a smooth pesto.
I641.3	In a large saucepan, bring chicken stock to a boil and add chili pesto. Stir thoroughly until everything is fully combined. Now, add chicken thighs and simmer for approx. 3 – 5 min. Remove from heat.
I641.4	Place chicken in a baking dish and cover with sauce. In the preheated oven, bake at 180°C/350°F for approx. 20 – 25  min. Then, increase heat to 220°C/430°F and bake for approx. another 10 – 12 min.
I641.5	In a large, grease-free saucepan, toast almonds over medium heat for approx. 1 – 2 min. until golden brown and fragrant.
I641.6	In a stand mixer, combine flour, corn flour, baking powder, oregano, and salt. Beat for approx. 1 – 2 min. until combined. Then, add eggs, vegetable oil, and milk and beat for approx. another 2 – 3 min. until a smooth batter forms.
I641.7	Preheat a waffle maker and grease with some butter. Pour some of the batter into waffle maker and cook for approx. 3 – 4 min. or until golden brown.
I641.8	Place chicken thighs on top of the waffles and garnish with roasted almonds. Enjoy!
R642	peach-buckle	6
I642.1	Melt butter in saucepan over medium-low heat. Continue to cook, stirring frequently, until it starts to foam and bubble and then browns. When butter is fragrant and golden brown, take it off heat and let cool. Heat oven to 175°C/350°F. Grease cast iron pan with butter. Pit and slice peaches and toss with lemon juice.
I642.2	In a medium bowl, combine some of the flour, ground almonds, baking powder, and some of the salt.
I642.3	In a separate bowl, whisk together some of the brown butter and sugar. Add eggs one at a time, then vanilla extract.
I642.4	Stir in half of flour mixture, then crème fraîche. Add remaining flour and stir until just combined.
I642.5	Transfer batter to the cast iron pan and top with a layer of peaches.
I642.6	To make topping, combine remaining brown butter, brown sugar, flour, almonds, allspice, and salt. Use hands to mix until large clumps form. Sprinkle over peaches. Bake for approx. 40 minutes at 175°C/350°F, or until golden brown and a toothpick inserted into center comes out with a few moist crumbs. Let cool for 15 minutes before serving. Enjoy!
R643	london-fog	2
I643.1	In a small saucepan, heat milk over medium heat for approx. 2 – 3 min. until it begins to froth.
I643.2	Place vanilla syrup in tea cup. Pour in hot milk, stir until syrup is dissolved, and add tea bag. Allow to steep for approx. 1 – 2 min. Enjoy!
R644	cream-of-asparagus-soup	6
I644.1	Cut ends off the asparagus if they’re woody and discard. Cut off tips and set aside. Roughly chop remaining stalks, as well as onion and garlic.
I644.2	Heat some of the butter in a large heavy saucepan over medium heat until melted. Add onion and garlic and cook for approx. 8 min. until fragrant and translucent.
I644.3	Add asparagus stalks, a pinch of salt and a few grinds of black pepper. Cook, stirring occasionally, for another 5 min.
I644.4	Pour in chicken broth and bring to a boil. Reduce to a slow simmer, cover, and cook for approx. 20 - 30 min., until asparagus is very tender. Meanwhile, boil asparagus tips in a separate saucepan for 2 - 3 min., until softened but still crisp. Drain and rinse with cold water. Set aside.
I644.5	Use a hand blender to purée soup until smooth. Bring soup back to a simmer and stir in crème fraîche.
I644.6	Bring soup to a boil and whisk in remaining butter. Remove from heat and stir in lemon juice and garnish with asparagus tips. Adjust seasoning to taste.
R645	gingerbread-hearts	10
I645.1	Preheat oven to 180°C/350°F. Add milk and honey to a saucepan and bring to a simmer on low heat. Then, transfer to a container with a spout.
I645.2	In a large bowl, mix flour, ground almonds, baking powder, cocoa powder, cinnamon, ginger, clove, nutmeg, and a pinch of salt.
I645.3	In a standing mixer or with a hand mixer, beat soft butter and brown sugar until pale and foamy.
I645.4	Now beat in eggs adding one at a time until fully incorporated.
I645.5	Alternating, add dry ingredients and warm milk mixture to the butter mixture. Continue to beat until fully combined.
I645.6	Transfer batter to a greased baking pan. Spread evenly and gently knock pan on work surface to release air bubbles. Bake in a preheated oven at 180°C/350°F for approx. 25 min. until a toothpick inserted comes out clean. Set aside to cool.
I645.7	In the meantime, roughly chop chocolate and transfer to a large bowl. In a saucepan, heat heavy cream on low heat and bring to a simmer.
I645.8	Pour hot heavy cream over chocolate. Whisk together until chocolate is melted and smooth. Allow to cool for approx. 5 – 10 min.
I645.9	Use a heart-shaped cookie cutter to cut out cookies. Transfer to a cake rack.
I645.10	Place a plate underneath a cake rack to catch any excess ganache. Using a brush, spread ganache over the top of the cookies. Allow to set. Enjoy with your loved ones.
R646	asparagus-risotto-with-peas-and-prosciutto	4
I646.1	Roughly chop asparagus and separate stalks. Finely chop onions, garlic, and parsley; cut Prosciutto into strips.
I646.2	Bring stock to a boil, then add asparagus stalks and cook for approx. 2 - 3 min. Remove asparagus with a slotted spoon and transfer to an ice bath. Drain and set aside on a paper towel-lined plate. Repeat with tips.
I646.3	Heat oil in Dutch oven, then add onion and a pinch of salt. Cook for a few minutes until tender, then add garlic, rice, and prosciutto. Continue to cook, stirring often, until rice grains begin to crackle, approx. 2 min. Add wine and continue to stir until absorbed by rice. Add a ladleful of stock (enough so that it just covers rice). The stock should come to a slow simmer. Cook, stirring often, until liquid is almost absorbed, then add another ladleful or two of stock. When not stirring, cover partially with lid to prevent too much liquid from evaporating.
I646.4	When rice is almost al dente, add asparagus, peas, and another ladleful or two of stock. Continue adding stock slowly and stirring for approx. 10 min. or so, until rice is al dente. Add half a ladle more of stock, sprinkle Parmesan over rice, and add some black pepper and butter; do not stir. Cover with lid for approx. 2 min. or until butter and Parmesan are mostly melted. Give rice a good stir and remove from heat. It should be creamy and cohesive. Serve right away, topped with more Parmesan cheese and parsley.
R647	steamed-mussels-with-shrimp-and-garlic-bread	5
I647.1	Peel, crush, and roughly chop the garlic cloves. Finely dice the fennel, carrots, and shallots.
I647.2	Sear the shrimp in a hot saucepan with some olive oil and the roughly chopped garlic. Season with salt and pepper, then remove from the saucepan.
I647.3	Sauté the diced vegetables in the same saucepan and season with salt and pepper. Add a small amount of olive oil if required.
I647.4	Add mussels and, again, season with salt and pepper. Deglaze pan with white wine and add bay leaf and sprig of thyme. Put the lid on for approx. 5 – 7 min., so that the mussels can open in the steam.
I647.5	Meanwhile, chop parsley and cut lemon into wedges. As soon as the mussels have opened, fold in the parsley, put the shrimp back in the saucepan, and place the lemon wedges on top. Serve in stock.
R648	gluten-free-pumpkin-blueberry-pancakes	3
I648.1	Combine pancake mix, milk, pumpkin purée, egg, and vegetable oil in large bowl; stir until well combined. Gently fold in the blueberries.
I648.2	Spray large pan or griddle with nonstick cooking spray. Heat over medium heat. Spoon a small mount of batter onto hot pan. Cook until the batter bubbles begin to burst and edges are crisp up.
I648.3	Flip pancake and continue cooking for approx. 1 – 2 min., or until golden. Repeat with remaining batter. Serve with syrup and berries, as desired.
R649	vegan-chocolate-dream	4
I649.1	Peel, pit, and quarter avocado. Deseed vanilla bean. Cut banana into chunks.
I649.2	Add avocado, banana, vanilla bean seeds, cocoa powder, and agave nectar to a blender.
I649.3	Add almond milk to blender and blend on high speed for approx. 1 –2 min. until a smooth, pudding-like consistency is achieved.
I649.4	Transfer pudding to jars for serving. Garnish with pineapple and mint. Enjoy!
R650	long-island-iced-tea	3
I650.1	Cut lemon into thin slices.
I650.2	Fill cocktail shaker and serving glass with ice. Add tequila, vodka, white rum, triple sec, gin, lemon juice, and gomme syrup to the cocktail shaker and shake vigorously. Pour into long drink glass.
I650.3	Add a splash of cola to the glass and stir. Add several slices of lemon. Enjoy!
R651	chinese-mooncakes	11
I651.1	Mix two thirds of the flour with the confectioner’s sugar, water and half of the lard. Knead into a smooth dough, set aside and let rest for approx. 30 min.
I651.2	Meanwhile, mix the remaining flour and lard in a separate bowl. Knead into a smooth dough, set aside and also let rest for approx. 30 min.
I651.3	Preheat oven to 180°C/350°F. Roll each dough into a long strip approx. thumb thick. Cut first dough into equal portions approx. finger-width in length. Separate second dough into an equal number of portions. Roll each portion into a ball in the palm of your hand, keeping the two doughs separate.
I651.4	Flatten the balls from the first dough in your hand until they fit around the balls from the second dough. Wrap the flattened discs around the balls firmly.
I651.5	Using a rolling pin, flatten each portion into a thin oblong disc. Roll up each disc with your hands.
I651.6	Turn rolls by 90° and roll out each one into another oblong disc. Roll these discs up again.
I651.7	Make an indentation in the center of each roll with your finger. Wrap the dough into a circle with the indentation at its center. Shape into a smooth ball and roll this ball into a thin, round disc.
I651.8	Place a spoonful of red bean paste at the center of each disc. Pleat the edges of the dough around the paste and squeeze closed. Place seam side down.
I651.9	Gently turn mooncakes in the palms of your hands, giving them a round and smooth surface.
I651.10	Place on a lined baking sheet seam side down. Brush mooncakes with egg yolk and sprinkle with sesame seeds. Bake at 180°C/350°F for approx. 35 - 45 min. until golden.
I651.11	Let cool and enjoy with guests or give to friends.
R652	spelt-pasta-with-goat-cheese-and-spinach	4
I652.1	Wash baby spinach and dry. Roughly chop pine nuts. Peel garlic and finely slice. Toast pine nuts in a dry pan over medium heat and set aside. Cook penne according to package instructions, approx. 13 – 14 min.
I652.2	In the meantime, heat a large frying pan over medium heat and allow the spinach to wilt in portions. Place the cooked spinach in a sieve and squeeze it lightly, then chop coarsely.
I652.3	Drain penne and reserve some of the cooking water. Heat olive oil over medium heat in frying pan and sauté garlic. Reduce heat to low, add crème fraîche and some of the goat cheese and stir until the mixture is well mixed.
I652.4	Add spinach and penne to the frying pan and stir. Add a few tablespoons of the reserved pasta water for desired consistency. Season with salt and pepper and serve with toasted pine nuts, more crumbled goat cheese, and Parmesan. Enjoy!
R653	beer-braised-pork-shoulder	8
I653.1	Finely dice carrot, mince garlic, and slice shallots.
I653.2	Trim excess fat from pork shoulder, if desired. Season with salt and pepper. Heat a large, ovenproof pot over medium-high heat. Brown pork on all sides, then transfer to plate and set aside.
I653.3	Preheat oven to 150°C/300°F. Pour off almost all fat from pot, leaving some fat to coat the bottom for browning. Then, add carrots, garlic, and shallots. Sauté over medium-high heat for approx. 3 – 5 min. until vegetables soften and become fragrant.
I653.4	Stir in tomato paste and cook for approx. 2 min., then deglaze with beer. Scrape up any brown bits from the bottom of the pan with the cooking spoon.
I653.5	Add flour and whisk until combined. Cook for approx. 10 min. until mixture starts to thicken. Stir in cider, vinegar, chicken stock, Dijon mustard, mustard powder, and thyme. Season with salt and pepper to taste.
I653.6	Return pork to pot, cover, and transfer to oven. Cook for approx. 3 hrs. at 150°C/300°F, then uncover pot and continue to cook for approx. 1 hr., or until the meat is fork tender. Transfer pork to cutting board and tent with aluminum foil to keep warm.
I653.7	Meanwhile, bring pan juices to a simmer on medium-high heat and let reduce slightly. If desired, combine some more flour with some water to create a slurry, then whisk into sauce to thicken.
I653.8	Thinly slice the pork and transfer to a serving platter. Spoon sauce over meat and enjoy with roasted vegetables and potatoes, if desired!
R654	four-cheese-and-tomato-baked-penne	4
I654.1	Preheat oven to 250°C /475°F. Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Parboil pasta for approx. 5 min. Drain and set aside. Coarsely chop basil. Drain excess liquid from tomatoes.
I654.2	Add all of the cheese except for half of the Parmesan to a large mixing bowl.
I654.3	Add the basil, salt, heavy cream, tomatoes, and cooked penne; stir to combine.
I654.4	Transfer to casserole dish, sprinkle with reserved Parmesan cheese and breadcrumbs, and dot with butter. Bake at 250°C /475°F until bubbling and golden brown, approx. 10 minutes. Enjoy!
R655	savoy-cabbage-and-pasta-stew	4
I655.1	Clean, peel, and chop vegetables. Roughly dice onion. Form little meatballs out of sausage and fry in rapeseed oil until brown. Remove from the pot.
I655.2	Fry onions, celery, carrots, and parsley root in same pot. Add half of the stock and cook on low heat for approx. 15 min.
I655.3	Add leek, Savoy cabbage, and the second half of the stock. Cook for approx. 5 min. Cook pasta at the same time.
I655.4	When pasta is al dente, drain and add to the large pot. Add sausage, herbs, soy sauce, and lemon juice, cook briefly and season to taste. Done!
R656	classic-minestrone	5
I656.1	Finely chop garlic. Remove seeds from the chili pepper and mince. Finely dice leek, zucchini, broccoli, potatoes, onions, and carrot.
I656.2	Sauté garlic, chili, onion, potatoes, leek, and carrot in olive oil over medium heat. Deglaze pan with white balsamic vinegar.
I656.3	Fill pan with vegetable stock and season with nutmeg, salt, and pepper. Next, add zucchini and broccoli and simmer the soup on medium heat for approx. 7 - 10 min.
I656.4	Meanwhile, dice the tomatoes and slice green onions into rings and basil into strips. Quarter baby corn lengthwise.
I656.5	Add tomatoes, green onions, basil, baby corn, and beans and boil over medium heat for an additional 5 – 7 min. Drizzle with the rest of the olive oil to serve.
R657	thin-crispy-lavash	4
I657.1	Preheat the oven to 200°C/390°F. Dissolve yeast in water and mix with flour and sourdough, either in a standing mixer or by hand, to make a smooth dough.
I657.2	Separate dough into two halves and roll each one out as thinly as possible on a work surface sprinkled with flour.
I657.3	Transfer the flattened dough to a lined baking tray and sprinkle with red pepper and salt to taste. Drizzle with approx. 2 - 3 tbsp olive oil.
I657.4	Bake in a preheated oven at 200°C/390°F for approx. 10 min. until crispy. Serve warm with a choice of dips.
R658	bacon-and-egg-muffin-cups	7
I658.1	Preheat the oven to 180°C/350°F. Roughly grate cheese using a box grater.
I658.2	Using a small, circular bowl, cut rounds from each slice of bread.
I658.3	In a frying pan, sauté bread rounds in butter over medium heat for approx. 1 - 2 min. per side until golden brown.
I658.4	In a separate frying pan, sauté bacon over medium-low heat without any oil until slightly brown and lightly curled. The bacon should not be too crispy, as it needs to be flexible to fit into the muffin tin.
I658.5	Place two strips of bacon in each muffin cup. Then, place bread on top of bacon and press gently so that it fits securely in the muffin cup.
I658.6	Evenly divide grated cheddar cheese among muffin cups.
I658.7	Next, crack one egg into each muffin cup. Bake in oven at 180°C/350°F for approx. 8 – 10 min. Enjoy!
R659	mascarpone-cream-with-rhubarb-and-raspberries	6
I659.1	Peel rhubarb, cut in halves, then dice. Add some of the raspberry purée to a saucepan and bring to a simmer on medium heat. Add rhubarb, season with sugar, then set aside.
I659.2	Preheat oven to 60°C/140°F. Beat egg white in a mixing bowl until stiff. Transfer to a piping bag and pipe small rounds onto a parchment-lined baking sheet. Bake for approx. 15 – 20 min.
I659.3	In a nonstick pan, caramelize salty pretzels with sugar over medium heat; be careful not to let sugar burn. Remove from heat and let cool. Remove caramelized pretzels from pan and roughly chop.
I659.4	Grate lime peel. Cover a microwave-safe plate with plastic wrap and transfer lime peel on top. Microwave on high for approx. 10 – 15 sec. Set aside.
I659.5	Combine mascarpone with remaining raspberry purée and sugar until smooth.
I659.6	Cut raspberries in halves for serving. Place a cake ring on a plate. Fill ring with a few spoonfuls of raspberry-rhubarb compote. Top with raspberry halves, caramelized pretzels, and some meringues. Remove cake ring. Form quenelle out of mascarpone using two spoons and place on the plate. Garnish with lime zest on top. Enjoy!
R660	candy-apples	5
I660.1	Press a thick wooden skewer into the center of each apple and place in freezer for approx. 1 hr.
I660.2	In a small saucepan, combine sugar, corn syrup, and water, bring to a boil over medium heat and cook for approx. 8 – 10 min., or until a candy thermometer reads 150°C/300°F.
I660.3	Once syrup begins to boil, add food coloring and whisk thoroughly.
I660.4	Remove from heat. Dip apples into syrup and set aside.
I660.5	Dip apples into sprinkles, as desired. Transfer to a parchment paper-lined baking sheet and allow to cool. Enjoy!
R661	quick-banana-blueberry-ice-cream	3
I661.1	Peel bananas, cut into bite-sized pieces, and freeze with blueberries for at least 5 hours or overnight.
I661.2	Stir coconut milk well, pour into ice cube tray, and freeze for at least 5 hours or overnight.
I661.3	Puree frozen bananas, blueberries, and coconut ice cubes in a high-performance food processor until creamy. Garnish with fresh mint leaves to taste and serve immediately.
R662	stuffed-naan-bread	5
I662.1	Preheat oven to 250°C/480°F. Roughly chop cilantro. Finely dice onion. Cut green onions crosswise into rings and cheese into bite-sized cubes.
I662.2	In a large bowl, mix together flour, sugar, salt, vegetable oil, baking powder, yogurt, and milk. Knead until a smooth dough forms.
I662.3	In a large bowl, mix together cilantro, green onions, and cheese. Season to taste with salt and pepper.
I662.4	In a large saucepan, sauté onion in some vegetable oil over medium heat for approx. 1 – 2 min. Then, add lamb and continue to cook for approx. 5 - 7 min. until browned. Season to taste with salt and pepper.
I662.5	Form naan dough into rounds and roll out into thin discs approx. the width of a stretched out hand in diameter. Fill center of dough with either lamb or cheese mixture. Fold dough in half and press the edges together to ensure that filling stays in the naan bread during cooking. In an ovenproof frying pan, fry the naan bread over medium heat for approx. 2 - 3 min., adding a little vegetable oil if needed. Transfer to preheated oven and bake at 250°C/480°F for approx. 5 - 7 min. until golden brown.
R663	blinis-with-two-toppings	8
I663.1	Combine buckwheat flour, all-purpose flour, salt, and baking powder in a large bowl.
I663.2	Add some of the melted butter, egg, and milk to the flour mixture. Stir well until a thick batter forms. Set aside.
I663.3	Chop dill finely. Peel and pit avocado. Quarter tomato and remove seeds. Finely dice tomatoes, avocado, and shallot.
I663.4	For the avocado-tomato tartare, place avocado and shallots in a bowl. Season to taste with chili flakes, salt, pepper, and some of the lemon juice.
I663.5	Add tomato cubes. Mix carefully until well combined. Set aside.
I663.6	For the cream cheese topping, whisk together cream cheese, dill and remaining lemon juice. Season with salt, and pepper to taste. Set aside.
I663.7	Brush a large, non-stick frying pan with some of the remaining melted butter over medium-low heat. Drop batter into the hot pan to form small rounds. Wait for approx. 2 – 3 min. until the sides set and small bubbles form on top of the blini rounds. Flip to cook for approx. 2 – 3 min. on the other side. Place on a serving plate.
I663.8	Garnish half of the blinis with a dollop of cream cheese. Divide salmon into bite-sized pieces. Place salmon on cream cheese and top with caviar. Place avocado-tomato tartare on the rest of blinis. Serve with more dill if desired. Enjoy as a starter, breakfast or snack.
R664	strawberry-swiss-roll	9
I664.1	Preheat oven to 200°C/400°F . Separate egg yolks and whites. In a stand mixer, beat eggs whites until foamy. Add part of the sugar until stiff peaks form.
I664.2	In a clean bowl, beat together egg yolks, sugar, vanilla sugar, and water.
I664.3	Sift flour, starch, and baking powder into egg yolk mixture.
I664.4	Add egg white mixture to egg yolk mixture and whisk carefully until just incorporated.
I664.5	Pour batter onto a parchment-lined baking sheet, smooth out, place in preheated oven, and bake at 200°C/400°F for approx. 8 – 10 min. until golden. Remove from oven and set aside.
I664.6	Sprinkle a bit of sugar on a clean, slightly damp kitchen towel. Place cake on top, remove parchment paper and roll up.
I664.7	Cut strawberries into slices. In a stand mixer, beat together cream and powdered sugar until doubled in volume and thick.
I664.8	Make sure your cake has cooled down before you start this step. Spread approx. two-thirds of cream filling on top cake, followed by an even layer of strawberries. Then, roll cake forward using towel.
I664.9	Place cake on serving plate. Ice cake with remainder of cream filling. Decorate with sliced strawberries. Refrigerate for approx. 30 – 40 min. Enjoy!
R665	nicoise-salad-with-red-mullet	8
I665.1	Par boil potatoes in salted water for approx. 20 - 30 min., according to size. Afterwards drain, leave to cool and quarter.
I665.2	Meanwhile, slice the ends off green beans and blanch them in another small sauce pan.
I665.3	Now wash and dry Romaine lettuce and cut into bite-size pieces. Cut cucumber into cubes and halve black olives. Slice dried tomatoes, red onion, and pepper into fine strips.
I665.4	For the dressing, finely chop one garlic clove and one anchovy fillet. Place in tall jug and together with white wine vinegar, lemon juice, Dijon mustard, sugar, salt and pepper, puree the mixture with a hand blender. Finally, slowly stir in olive oil.
I665.5	In a small sauce pan cook eggs for approx. 6 - 7 min. until soft-boiled.
I665.6	Brown potatoes, pepper, olives and dried tomatoes in a frying pan with vegetable oil for approx. 2 min. Then, add beans and continue to brown them along with the other ingredients. Season with salt and pepper and finally combine the mixture with lettuce, cucumber, and red onion in a large bowl.
I665.7	Add some vegetable oil to the same pan and fry red mullet fillets skin side down, until crispy, adding salt to the exposed side. Crush a garlic clove and add to the pan with rosemary. Carefully turn the fillets after approx. 2 - 3 min., according to their size, and fry for a few additional minutes until cooked.
I665.8	Finally, mix vegetables with some of the dressing. Transfer onto two plates and place red mullet fillets on top to serve. Place cracked soft-boiled eggs with anchovies on the side. Enjoy this dish warm.
R666	vietnamese-pho	3
I666.1	Cut stewing beef and carrot into cubes. Mince garlic and ginger. Finely chop green onions, chili, and cilantro. Cut beef loin into very thin slices.
I666.2	Briefly sear cubed beef in batches in some vegetable oil. Deglaze with beef stock. Add fennel seed and let simmer for approx. 25 - 30 min. Add rice noodles, carrot, garlic, ginger, chili, and fish sauce and simmer for approx. 5 – 8 min. or until the noodles are tender.
I666.3	Add sliced beef and green onions and simmer for approx. 3 – 5 min. until the beef is just cooked. Add cilantro, salt, and pepper to taste. Enjoy!
R667	baked-sweet-potatoes-with-spinach-and-pine-nuts	6
I667.1	Preheat oven to 200°C/400°F. Pierce skin of sweet potatoes approx. 5 to 7 times with a fork. Then, place on a parchment-lined baking sheet, transfer to oven, and bake at 200°C/400°F for approx. 45 – 60 min. Once baking time is finished, turn off oven and leave potatoes in oven until the other steps are complete.
I667.2	Mince garlic. Cut lemon into wedges and halve pomegranate. Remove seeds from pomegranate.
I667.3	In a large, grease-free frying pan, toast pine nuts over medium heat for approx. 1 –2 min. until fragrant and golden brown. Remove from pan and set aside.
I667.4	Add some of the coconut oil to pan, sauté garlic, and wilt spinach over medium heat for approx. 1 – 2 min. Drizzle with part of the lemon juice. Add toasted pine nuts to spinach and set aside.
I667.5	Remove potatoes from oven and cut in half. Add rest of coconut oil to potato halves and mash with fork.
I667.6	Spoon spinach and pine nut mixture on top of potatoes. Add some more lemon juice. Drizzle with yogurt on top and garnish with pomegranate seeds. Season with salt and pepper to taste.
R668	breakfast-cherry-rolls	5
I668.1	Grease baking dish. For the filling, wash the fresh cherries, then pit and quarter. If you use cherries from a glass, drain them well and quarter. Set aside. Heat milk over low heat until lukewarm. In a large bowl, mix warm milk with dry yeast and sugar and leave to stand for approx. 5 min. Add salt, some of the butter, and egg and mix until combined.
I668.2	Add flour to the mixture and mix until well combined. Knead dough for approx. 5 – 6 min. until smooth and firm, adding a bit more flour if necessary to prevent sticking. The dough should be soft, but not too sticky; add more flour if needed. Place in a lightly greased bowl, cover with kitchen towel, and leave to rise in a warm place for approx. 1 hour.
I668.3	In the meantime, stir white chocolate in a heatproof bowl set over a small saucepan with boiling water until melted, or use a microwave. Set aside for approx. 10 min. until slightly cooled, then mix in some of the cream cheese and stir until combined.
I668.4	Roll out the dough on a floured surface to a rectangle of approx. 30 x 45 cm/12 x 18 in. Spread white chocolate and cream cheese mixture onto the dough, leaving a small border all around, and distribute cherries evenly on top. Then, starting at the long end, roll up the dough and cut log into 12 equally sized pieces with a sharp knife. Place the rolls in a greased baking dish, cover, and leave to rise for approx. 30 - 45 min. Preheat oven to 175°C/350°F.
I668.5	Bake rolls in the oven at 175°C/350°F for approx. 20 – 25 min., or until golden. Remove from the oven and allow to cool slightly. Meanwhile, make the glaze. Melt butter and combine with cream cheese, vanilla extract, and confectioner’s sugar in a mixing bowl. Stir until completely dissolved. If mixture is too thick, add some cream for desired consistency. Pour glaze over cherry rolls and serve. Enjoy!
R669	scones-with-blackcurrant-jam	3
I669.1	For the jam, remove the currants from the stems, wash, and dry. With a hand blender, purée currants, gelling sugar, and Cointreau. Transfer to a saucepan over medium-high heat and boil for approx. 4 min. Transfer to clean jam jars, close, and allow to cool.
I669.2	For the scones, preheat the oven to 200 °C/400 °F and line a baking sheet with parchment paper, if needed. In a large mixing bowl, mix together flour, salt, baking soda, and sugar. Cut the butter into cubes, add to flour mixture, and use your fingers to break up and coat butter until crumbly. Add buttermilk and form into a dough. Roll out the dough until 4-cm/1.5-inch. thick and cut out circles with a cookie cutter. Transfer to baking sheet leaving a little space in between each one. Beat the egg and brush the scones. Sprinkle each scone with a pinch of sugar and bake in the oven for approx. 20 min., or until golden brown.
I669.3	Remove scones from oven and leave to cool, then serve with butter or cream cheese and homemade blackcurrant jam. Enjoy!
R670	ricecooker-banana-cake	5
I670.1	In a large bowl, mash bananas by hand using a fork until smooth.
I670.2	Melt butter in a small saucepan over medium heat. In a separate large bowl, mix together sugar, eggs, vanilla bean seeds, and melted butter.
I670.3	In a small bowl, mix together flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt.
I670.4	In a large bowl, mix together banana mixture, egg mixture, and flour mixture. Pour everything into a rice cooker and cook on high heat for approx. 10 – 12 min. and then cook on low heat for an additional 60 – 90 min. until a wooden skewer comes out clean.
I670.5	Let cake cool. Then, transfer to a plate for serving, sprinkle with confectioner’s sugar, and garnish with banana slices.
R671	tarte-tatin	5
I671.1	Cook sugar in small saucepan over medium heat until it dissolves and turns golden brown. Remove from heat and stir in butter and vanilla bean seeds.
I671.2	Pour into ovenproof pan.
I671.3	Preheat oven to 180°C/360°F. Peel, core, and cut apple into medium-thick slices. Arrange in concentric circles over caramel.
I671.4	Cut out a circle of puff pastry large enough to cover apples. Score circle all over with the tip of a sharp knife. Place pastry over apples, pressing it down gently to cover.
I671.5	Transfer pan to oven and bake for approx. 20 - 23 min., or until puff pastry turns golden brown and caramel is bubbling. Turn taste out onto a serving plate and enjoy with a scoop of ice cream of simply on its own!
R672	asian-kohlrabi-salad	4
I672.1	Peel some of the carrots and the kohlrabi and cut into slices, then into matchsticks. Defrost edamame beans. Clean the sugar peas and cut off the ends, removing the threads that go along the sides, if needed. Toast the sesame seeds until fragrant.
I672.2	Combine sliced carrots and kohlrabi with edamame beans and sugar peas in a large mixing bowl and set aside.
I672.3	Peel the ginger and remaining carrots for the dressing. Halve or quarter carrots to fit into food processor. Add ginger and carrots to food processor and pulse into coarse pieces until finely chopped. Now add the miso paste, olive oil, vinegar, honey, sesame oil, and some water until the mass is mixed to a thick, thick marinade. If needed, add more water until desired consistency is reached.
I672.4	Add enough dressing to the salad to coat, then top with the toasted sesame seeds. Toss to combine. Enjoy!
R673	sparkling-cucumber-with-ginger	3
I673.1	To make syrup, chop ginger and add to a small saucepan along with the water. Bring to a boil. Simmer for approx. 15 min., then add sugar and continue to simmer for approx. 5 min. Pass through a sieve into a mixing bowl to filter out ginger pieces, then let cool.
I673.2	Peel cucumber and cut into bite-sized pieces. Add to a mixing bowl and purée. Then, pass through a sieve into another bowl in order to filter out any cores.
I673.3	Arrange cucumber slice in a serving glass. Add cucumber water, ginger syrup, and lemon juice and stir. Fill glass with ice and pour over extra dry sparkling wine. Garnish with lemon peel. Enjoy!
R674	sausage-and-swiss-chard-strata	5
I674.1	Grease a large baking dish with butter and set aside. Chop onion, remove stems from Swiss chard, and chop the leaves. Cube the bread. Grate the cheeses.
I674.2	Place a large, heavy-bottomed sauté pan over medium heat; lightly oil pan, then add the sausages. Cook until browned and cooked through. Transfer to a paper towel-lined plate to drain and cool slightly, then slice.
I674.3	Add more oil to pan if needed, then add onion and cook until soft and fragrant. Add chard to pan along with salt and pepper to taste and cook until wilted. Remove pan from heat and set aside.
I674.4	Whisk together eggs, milk, mustard, nutmeg, and pepper to taste in a large measuring cup.
I674.5	Spread half of the bread over bottom of baking dish and top with half of the sausage, half of the Swiss chard mixture, and half of the cheeses. Repeat, layering the remaining ingredients in this pattern. Pour egg mixture over everything, then cover tightly with plastic wrap and refrigerate overnight. Remove strata from refrigerator approx. 30 min. before baking. Preheat oven to 175°C/350°F. Bake for approx. 40 – 50 min., or until golden brown and cooked through. Let cool slightly before serving.
R675	easy-nori-sandwich	5
I675.1	Peel cucumber, and cut crosswise into thin ring-shaped slices.
I675.2	In a saucepan, bring rice, and water to a boil. Reduce heat to low and cook for approx. 12 - 15 min.
I675.3	Using a hand blender, puree avocado, cream cheese, lime juice, and wasabi. Season to taste with salt and pepper.
I675.4	In a large bowl, season rice with salt, pepper, and sushi vinegar. Stir well to combine.
I675.5	Place one nori sheet on cutting board. Layer with rice, avocado cream, salmon, cucumber, more salmon, avocado cream, and rice. Place another nori sheet on top. Lightly press down to ensure that all of the ingredients stay in place. Cut into triangle-shaped sandwiches. Enjoy as a snack or light meal!
R676	carrot-cake-with-cream-cheese-frosting	7
I676.1	Preheat oven to 180°C/355°F. Peel and finely grate carrots.
I676.2	In a standing mixer, or with a hand mixer with beaters, beat soft butter and brown sugar until pale and fluffy. Blend in two-thirds of the vanilla extract.
I676.3	Now, blend in eggs, adding one at a time until fully incorporated.
I676.4	Mix flour, baking powder, baking soda, cinnamon, nutmeg, and salt in a bowl. Then, gradually whisk flour mixture into butter mixture until a smooth batter forms.
I676.5	Stir grated carrots into the batter.
I676.6	Grease baking pan. Transfer batter into the pan and smooth out the top. Bake in preheated oven at 180°C/355°F for approx. 40 – 50 min. Let rest for approx. 5– 7  min. Then, remove and allow to cool completely on a cake rack for approx. 50 – 60 min.
I676.7	For the cream cheese topping, whisk together cream cheese, melted butter, lemon juice, and remaining vanilla extract until smooth. Then stir in confectioner’s sugar little by little. Frost cooled cake with the topping and serve with some whipped cream to taste.
R677	churros-with-chocolate-sauce	4
I677.1	In a large saucepan, bring water, sugar, butter and salt to a boil. Then add flour, reduce heat to medium, and cook while stirring constantly until dough is golden in color. Now, transfer dough to a stand mixer and allow to cool for approx. 5 – 10 min.
I677.2	Add eggs to stand mixer and beat until well incorporated and dough is smooth. Transfer dough to a star-tipped piping bag.
I677.3	Roughly chop chocolate. Add cream, sugar, and vanilla bean seeds to a small saucepan and cook over medium heat for approx. 3 – 5 min. Then add in chocolate and stir thoroughly until dissolved.
I677.4	Heat up some vegetable oil in a frying pan over medium-high heat and pipe strips of dough into pan and cook until both sides are golden brown. Then transfer to a paper towel-lined plate to dry. Garnish with cinnamon and sugar and serve with warm chocolate sauce.
R678	indian-chicken-pilaf	5
I678.1	Wash rice in cold water and set aside. Roughly chop cilantro. Finely dice onion and garlic. Peel carrot. Cut carrot, chicken, and green beans into bite-sized pieces.
I678.2	In a large saucepan, sauté onion and garlic in butter over medium heat for approx. 2 – 3 min. Then, add chicken and sauté for approx. 5 – 7 min. until opaque. Set chicken aside.
I678.3	Grate ginger. Then, add cumin, masala, chili powder, turmeric, and ginger to pan. Sauté for approx. 1 – 2 min. Add yogurt, cook until it begins to boil, and then add rice.
I678.4	Add carrots and green beans to pan and sauté for approx. 3 – 5 min. Pour chicken stock into pan and season with salt and pepper. Bring everything to a boil and then reduce to low heat. Cover with a lid and cook for approximately 10 – 12 min. until rice is done.
I678.5	Return cooked chicken to pan. Add cilantro and lemon juice. Stir thoroughly. Enjoy warm with homemade naan bread.
R679	baked-zucchini-with-millet-filling	7
I679.1	Place millet in a saucepan. Add coriander and cumin. Pour in vegetable stock and bring to a boil. Next, reduce heat and let simmer for approx. 15 min.
I679.2	In the meantime, spread pine nuts in a dry frying pan and toast over medium-low heat until golden.
I679.3	Cut zucchini in half lengthwise. Scoop out the pulp with a spoon.
I679.4	Preheat oven to 180°C/350°F. Cut tofu into cubes. Roughly chop zucchini pulp and parsley.
I679.5	In a large bowl, add tofu, parsley, zucchini pulp, pine nuts, raisins, and millet. Mix well. Season with salt, pepper.
I679.6	Place zucchinis on a lined baking sheet and stuff with millet filling.
I679.7	In a small bowl, combine soy cream and bell pepper cream. Season with cayenne pepper. Pour mixture over stuffed zucchinis and bake for approx. 10 min. at 180°C/350°F. Serve with cream mixture on the side.
R680	angel-hair-pasta-with-shrimp-in-white-wine-sauce	6
I680.1	Cook pasta in plenty of salted boiling water, according to package instructions, for approx. 5 – 7 min. until al dente. Drain, save some pasta water and set aside.
I680.2	Finely chop parsley and garlic.
I680.3	Heat up some olive oil in a frying pan and sear shrimp for approx. 3 – 4 min. until opaque.
I680.4	Add garlic and sauté for approx. 2 – 3 min. until fragrant. Deglaze pan with white wine.
I680.5	Stir in cold butter to bind the sauce. Season with salt and pepper.
I680.6	Toss cooked pasta briefly in sauce. Add lemon juice. Stir in chopped parsley and serve in deep plates.
R681	potato-soup-with-horseradish	7
I681.1	Peel potatoes and cut into 2 cm/1 in. cubes. Chop onion and cut florets from cauliflower head. Halve bacon strips.
I681.2	Preheat oven to 200°C/400°F. Heat a large pot over medium-high heat. Add butter, then add the onions and cook until translucent and fragrant, approx. 1 min. Add potatoes and fry for approx. 2 min., then add vegetable broth. Lower heat and simmer for approx. 25 min.
I681.3	Meanwhile, line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Spread cauliflower florets evenly over baking sheet, drizzle with olive oil, and season with salt and pepper to taste. Bake at 200°C/400°F for approx. 12 min. Set aside.
I681.4	Fry bacon over medium heat until crispy. Transfer to a paper towel-lined plate to drain.
I681.5	In a mixing bowl, mix sour cream with horseradish until combined.
I681.6	Add horseradish mixture to the potatoes, then remove pot from heat. Use a hand blender to purée until smooth.
I681.7	Transfer soup to a serving bowl and garnish with roasted cauliflower, bacon, and parsley. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Enjoy!
R682	grilled-mediterranean-skewers-with-feta	4
I682.1	Dice feta and melon into equal-sized pieces. Slice zucchini into thin slices, lenghtwise.
I682.2	Roll half of the feta cubes in zucchini slices, using one feta cube per slice of zucchini. Roll the remaining feta cubes in slices of prosciutto.
I682.3	Alternate adding the zucchini-wrapped feta, prosciutto-wrapped feta, and melon cubes onto the skewers.
I682.4	Grill the skewers evenly on all sides for approx. 7-10 min. over medium-high heat. If desired, serve with baguette, tomato salsa, and arugula.
R683	lime-cake-with-coconut	8
I683.1	Zest some of the limes. Combine flour, baking powder and coconut flakes in a large bowl. Add lime zest and mix well.
I683.2	Halve and juice remaining limes along with limes used for zest. Set aside lime juice.
I683.3	Preheat oven to 180°C/350°F. Beat butter in a stand mixer until creamy. Add sugar and beat until well combined.
I683.4	Pour in three fifths of lime juice, reserving the rest for the icing. Add eggs, one at a time, beating well after each addition.
I683.5	Gradually add dry ingredients and mix well.
I683.6	Grease baking form and pour in batter. Tap bottom of baking form on counter to release air bubbles. Transfer to preheated oven and bake at 180°C/350°F for 40 – 50 min. until an inserted toothpick comes out clean. Remove from oven and allow to cool.
I683.7	Meanwhile, whisk together confectioner's sugar and lime juice.
I683.8	Add remaining coconut flakes and whisk to combine. Spread icing over the top of the cake. Enjoy as a fresh summer treat!
R684	tuna-salad-sandwich	4
I684.1	Wash the apple, core, and cut into small cubes. Peel the onion and dice. Dice the pickles. Pick the mint leaves and roughly chop.
I684.2	Put the apple, onion, pickles, and mint in a bowl along with the capers, cottage cheese, mayonnaise, and vinegar. Drain the juice of the tuna well, add to mixter, and carefully stir. Season with salt and pepper and let rest for approx. 10 min.
I684.3	In the meantime, spread the bread slices with butter and brown in the pan over medium heat.
I684.4	Divide tuna mixture and lettuce leaves between sandwiches. Enjoy!
R685	asian-style-broccoli-soup	6
I685.1	Peel and slice garlic clove. Peel and roughly chop potato. Peel and chop onion.
I685.2	Remove florets from broccoli and set aside. Remove leaves from stem, peel it and cut into bite-sized pieces.
I685.3	Add oil to a large saucepan over medium-high heat. Add potatoes, garlic and onions, followed by broccoli stems. Season with salt and pepper and sear for approx. 5 – 7 min.  Add vegetable stock and bring to a simmer for approx. 15 min. Preheat oven to 180°C/350°F.
I685.4	In the meantime, cut chicken breast into fine strips and drizzle with hoisin sauce. Season with salt and pepper and toss to coat. Add chicken breast to wooden skewers. In a large frying pan, heat up oil and sear chicken breast on both sides until golden brown. Season with salt. Bake for approx. 5 min at 180°C/350°F.
I685.5	Add broccoli florets to the saucepan and continue to simmer for approx. 5 – 7 min., until soft. Remove pot from heat. Use a hand blender to purée until smooth.  Afterwards add crème fraîche. Add lemon zest and lemon juice to taste. Season with salt and pepper and blend again to combine.
I685.6	Transfer soup to serving bowls and garnish with chicken breast skewers, cilantro, and black and white sesame seeds. Enjoy!
R686	jellies-with-pomegranate	6
I686.1	In a small saucepan, caramelize sugar and deglaze with blood orange juice.
I686.2	Soften gelatin in cold water for approx. 8 - 10 min. Add cinnamon, cloves, cranberries, and the food coloring if desired to pan and let simmer over medium heat for approx. 10 – 15 min.
I686.3	Remove cloves and cinnamon stick from saucepan and discard.
I686.4	Drain gelatin and add to warm juice. Stir thoroughly until dissolved.
I686.5	Pour liquid evenly into cake mold. Chill for approx. 2 – 3 hrs.
I686.6	Cut pomegranate in half and tap with a spoon to deseed. Remove jellies from the mold and garnish with pomegranate seeds. Enjoy!
R687	classic-apple-strudel	9
I687.1	Soak the raisins in rum. Put the flour, along with a pinch of salt, on the work surface. Create a trough in the flour and pour in the oil and the water. Use your hands to knead into a pliable dough.
I687.2	Now, place the dough in a bowl, cover with a kitchen towel, and leave it to rest in a warm place for approx. 25 – 30 min.
I687.3	Preheat the oven to 180°C/ 350°F. Then, peel and core the apples, halve them lengthwise, and cut them into thin slices.
I687.4	Mix apple slices, almond slices, vanilla sugar, soaked raisins, and a pinch of gingerbread spice together in a bowl.
I687.5	Place the dough on a kitchen towel dusted with flour and, using the rolling pin, roll it out as much as possible. Then, use your hands to carefully pull out the dough, until it is paper thin.
I687.6	Distribute the ground almonds evenly onto the strudel dough. Then, place the apple mixture onto the bottom part of the strudel.
I687.7	Using the kitchen towel, carefully fold the dough around the apple mixture.
I687.8	After every fold, brush with melted butter. Repeat this process until the whole strudel is unrolled. Cut the excess dough away from the edges. Make sure the joint is facing down and then use the kitchen towel to place into a suitably sized baking tin .
I687.9	Baste the top with melted butter, place immediately into a preheated oven at 180°C/ 350°F, and bake for approx. 20 – 25 min. until golden. Dust with confectioner's sugar and serve with vanilla sauce.
R688	red-skirt-steak-tortilla-with-chimichurri-sauce	5
I688.1	Seed and dice jalapeno peppers. Mince garlic. Chop herbs roughly. Combine olive oil, vinegar, parsley, cilantro, bay leaf, jalapeno peppers, salt, and pepper in the bowl of a food processor, process for one minute. Set aside.
I688.2	Preheat grill for approx. 15 – 20 min. or cast-iron skillet over medium heat for approx. 1 – 2 min. Add some olive oil. Season the skirt steak with kosher salt and pepper and sear the first side for approx. 2 - 3 min. before flipping to cook the second side. Cook to the desired degree of doneness. Remove and allow to rest.
I688.3	Warm tortillas in an oven, skillet, or on the grill before serving.
I688.4	Serve by slicing the steaks into thin slices, always cutting the steaks against the grain of the meat for maximum tenderness.
I688.5	Place sliced skirt steak on a tortilla. Add sliced tomato, sliced onion, and watercress. Then, drizzle with chimichurri. Fold and serve with more chimichurri.
R689	banana-chia-seed-bread	4
I689.1	Grease loaf pan and set aside. Mash bananas in a small mixing bowl with a fork. Set aside. Stir together flour, baking soda, baking powder, salt, cinnamon, and chia seeds in a large mixing bowl.
I689.2	Preheat oven to 175°C/350°F. Melt coconut oil gently in microwave or on the stove in a small saucepan. Whisk together brown sugar, melted coconut oil, eggs, and vanilla extract in a large bowl. Stir in mashed bananas.
I689.3	Fold flour mixture into banana mixture just until combined. Spoon into greased loaf pan.
I689.4	Bake at 175°C/350°F for approx. 55 – 65 min., or until a toothpick inserted into the center of the bread comes out clean. Cool in pan for approx. 10 min., then transfer to cooling rack to cool completely. Enjoy!
R690	braised-ham-hock	7
I690.1	Fill a large saucepan with just enough water to cover ham hock. Bring the water to a boil on high heat and place ham hock in pan.
I690.2	Cut ends off green onions and then cut in half. Cut ginger into medallions.
I690.3	Add ginger, green onions, rock sugar, white wine, Sichuan peppercorns, and star anise to pan. Reduce heat to medium and cook for approx. 50 – 60 min. Then, add salt to pan and cook on low heat for approx. 30 – 40 min.
I690.4	Remove ham hock from pot, transfer to a plate, and let cool for at least one hour.
I690.5	Cut bone out of ham hock, cover with plastic wrap, and place in the fridge for approx. 2 hours.
I690.6	Cut ham hock into thin slices.
I690.7	Serve with homemade garlic sauce. Enjoy!
R691	asian-breakfast-bowl	4
I691.1	Mince chili and garlic. Slice scallions. Set greens aside for garnish. Slice bacon into wide strips, then fry it in a pan over medium heat until crispy.
I691.2	Add sesame oil, then add scallion whites, minced garlic, and chili to bacon and sauté for approx. 1 min. or until fragrant.
I691.3	Add rice and fry for approx. 2 min. Add soy sauce and toss to combine. When rice starts to become slightly crispy, crack egg into pan and quickly toss everything to scramble the egg. Add salt to taste.
I691.4	Transfer to a serving bowl and garnish with reserved scallion greens, fresh chili and soy sauce to taste. Enjoy!
R692	blanched-bok-choy-with-shiitake-mushrooms	5
I692.1	Soak dried shiitakes in hot water in a large bowl for approx. 20 min. until the caps are tender. Save the water. Mince garlic and ginger. Remove stems from shiitake and cut a cross into the top.
I692.2	Wash bok choy and cut a cross near the roots.
I692.3	Bring a large saucepan of water with oil and salt to a boil. Dip the roots of the bok choy into the water for approx. 20 sec., then immerse all of it for approx. 1 min. Transfer to an ice bath to stop cooking process.
I692.4	In a small bowl, mix together oyster sauce, dark soy sauce, corn starch, and reserved mushroom water to form a thick sauce. Heat up oil in a large frying pan and sauté ginger and garlic over medium heat for approx. 1 min. Add shiitakes, sugar, and salt and stir fry for approx. 1 min. Deglaze with sauce, stir thoroughly, and remove from heat.
I692.5	Arrange bok choy in a bowl for serving. Place the shiitake mushrooms in the center. Garnish with sauce. Enjoy!
R693	bbq-chicken-wings	6
I693.1	Preheat the oven to 180°C/350°F. Crush garlic and remove green sprout. Zest and juice limes. Finely chop garlic, chili, and cilantro.
I693.2	Season chicken with salt and pepper.
I693.3	In a large freezer bag, mix together garlic, chili, lime juice, lime zest, half of the cilantro, olive oil, and BBQ sauce with chicken until well combined. Season with salt, pepper, sugar, and paprika.
I693.4	Remove chicken wings from freezer bag and shake off any excess liquid. Arrange chicken wings on a lined baking tray and bake for approx. 25 - 30 min. at 180°C/350°F until golden brown. Flip wings halfway through baking time.
I693.5	Juice lime. In a small bowl, mix together sour cream, remaining cilantro, lime juice, salt, pepper, sugar, and olive oil.
I693.6	Enjoy as a fresh dip with chicken wings.
R694	colorful-asian-inspired-noodles	6
I694.1	Peel ginger and cut into thin strips. Mince garlic and thinly slice green onions. Remove stem of mushrooms and cut into slices. Cut off ends of bok choy and cut crosswise into thirds.
I694.2	In a large saucepan, cook noodles, according to package instructions, for approx. 6 – 8 min. until al dente. Drain and set aside.
I694.3	In a frying pan, sauté ginger, garlic, and green onions over medium heat for approx. 1 – 2 min. until translucent.
I694.4	Add mushrooms to pan and sauté for approx. 1 – 2 min. Season to taste with salt and pepper.
I694.5	Add bok choy to pan. Continue to sauté for approx. 2 – 3 min. Deglaze pan with soy sauce.
I694.6	Return noodles to pan. Add sesame oil and peas to pan. Continue to sauté for approx. 4 – 6 min., stirring well to combine. Season to taste once more with salt and pepper. Enjoy as a healthy lunch!
R695	colorful-chiffonade-salad	9
I695.1	Add water to a small saucepan and bring to a boil. Add glass noodles and cook for approx. 2 - 3 min. Drain and rinse with cold water. Set aside.
I695.2	Add water to a large saucepan and bring to a boil. Blanch spinach for  approx. 1 – 2 min.
I695.3	Transfer spinach to an ice bath and allow to cool for approx. 5 – 6 min. Then, remove spinach from water and squeeze out any extra liquid. Set aside.
I695.4	In a small bowl, whisk eggs until blended.
I695.5	Preheat vegetable oil in a frying pan over medium heat. Then, add eggs to the pan and fry in one layer for approx. 1 – 2 min. from each side. Set aside to cool.
I695.6	Roughly chop spinach. Finely chop garlic. Cut carrot, cucumber, Chinese cabbage, and fried egg into thin strips.
I695.7	In a small bowl, mix vinegar, sesame oil, salt, sugar, and chopped garlic.
I695.8	In a large bowl, combine cucumber, carrots, Chinese cabbage, and glass noodles. Add dressing and mix well.
I695.9	Add chopped spinach and eggs. Gently stir to combine. Enjoy as a starter or a side dish.
R696	chia-fresca	3
I696.1	Soak chia seeds in part of the water for approx. 30 min.
I696.2	Add lime juice and agave nectar to chia seed water. Stir thoroughly and then add to rest of the water.
I696.3	Pour into individual glasses with ice cubes. Enjoy!
R697	borscht	8
I697.1	Roughly chop parsley. Finely dice chili. Cut cabbage and onions into fine strips. Cut beets, carrots, tomatoes, and celery root into bite-sized pieces.
I697.2	Cut pork and beef into large cubes.
I697.3	In a large saucepan, bring water, beef, and pork to a boil. Then, reduce heat to low and skim foam from the surface. Next, add bay leaves, salt, and pepper and simmer for approx. 25 - 30 min.
I697.4	In another large saucepan, sauté carrots, beets, cabbage, onion, chili, and celery root in some vegetable oil over medium heat for approx. 5 - 7 min. until tender.
I697.5	Deglaze pan with beet juice and allow to reduce for approx. 15 - 20 min.
I697.6	Strain the pork and beef stock and set the meat aside. Add stock to the pan and allow to reduce for approx. 10 - 15 min.
I697.7	Add meat, allspice, and tomatoes to the borscht. Stir well to incorporate.
I697.8	Add parsley and red wine vinegar. Stir well to incorporate. Enjoy with a dollop of sour cream, if desired.
R698	mallomars	6
I698.1	Stir together water and sugar in a small saucepan and heat up until sugar is dissolved and the mixture thickens. Remove from heat and set aside.
I698.2	Add salt and egg white to a mixing bowl or the bowl of a stand mixer and beat until white and fluffy. Add sugar syrup little by little and continue to beat until stiff peaks form and mixture is glossy. Afterwards stir in gelatin powder.
I698.3	Transfer meringue to a piping bag and let rest for approx. 5 min.
I698.4	Pipe merinuge into cap-shaped mounds atop wafers and let rest on a wire rack set over a baking sheet for approx. 20 min.
I698.5	Chop chocolate. Set up a double boiler by placing a heat-proof bowl over a saucepan of simmering water. Melt chopped chocolate in heat-proof bowl and stir in coconut oil. Remove from heat and let cool until lukewarm.
I698.6	Pour chocolate over meringues carefully until they’re evenly covered. Refrigerate mallomars for approx. 20 min. and enjoy cold!
